Welcome to another video. Today I'm going to be talking about how I bought a clinic with no money down or industry experience in my early 20s. This deal made me the youngest person in Australia in Australian history to acquire a healthcare company with no money down. So, I'm going to get straight into it. As always, keeping it as simple as possible. First thing I did before I looked into the deals, before I looked into the money, I built my board. Built my board of directors. So why why did I build a board of directors? Okay, early 20s, I quit my job. I was a nobody. No one knew who I was. I didn't have money. I didn't have credibility. I had nothing. So, why build a board? What's the first C? Tell me what's the first C. If you've been watching my [ __ ] what is the first C? It is cred. Credibility. That is 80% of the reason why I built my board. The 20% is expertise. Right? So, big reason, credibility. These are people that are seasoned, world-class professionals who are now backing me, supporting me. They've put their name, their brand, their reputation behind me and my vision, my company. And also expertise because I've got I've never been in healthcare, never been a CEO of a healthcare company. I had no idea what the [ __ ] I was doing when I started. I knew nothing about how clinics made their money. I knew they saw patience and that was it. I didn't understand how [ __ ] insurance worked, how third parties work, none of that [ __ ] So that's why I needed people who did. Okay. So why credibility? Credibility. So now rather than it's just Josh Lee, I can walk into a bank, I can walk to a seller and say, "No, I'm the founder of JC Health Group and this is my team." And when they see [ __ ] world class professionals, they're going to think, "Oh [ __ ] the these guys are the real deal." Which we are, but and I was very serious, but if it was just Josh Lee, then it's just like, "Oh, he's just some kid that wants to buy my business or this just some kid that wants money. This just some kid and some some startup, right? That's why you need the board and expertise." Obviously, because I had no idea what the [ __ ] I was doing. I had guys across the legal, the finance, leadership, industry experts, right? So, anytime I had a problem with or question or something I didn't know about say the legal with the policies, the healthcare stuff, you know, lease arrangements, I could go to my legal guy. Anything about deal structuring, financial stuff, I could go to my finance guy. and anything about the operations like whether it's staff arrangements whether it's just operational [ __ ] whether it's industry nuance I could go to my industry experts and I had my big dog my my big leader that was helping me lead my team my chairman and by the way if you don't know who my chairman is his name is Richard Olston he is the former ambassador to the UK worked very closely with the queen chairman of the world's largest one of the world's largest hedge funds big dog. And same with all my other guys, big dogs in their own right. And I used their credibility and expertise to springboard my own credibility. Springboard my own expertise, right? Cuz that's the best way to learn from people who have actually done this [ __ ] The worst place to learn is actually from school where it's all theory [ __ ] Anyway, that was the first thing I did. First thing I did was build my board. So I had credibility and expertise behind me. What did I do from here? I engaged my [ __ ] the e I engaged my professionals. So these were my lawyers and my accountants. Now my these guys are top tier firms. Uh not in not the not the big four. I didn't opt for the big four. Uh but I will be soon. didn't offer the big four, but I needed someone people who with a recognized name and with the capabilities beyond just your little chicken [ __ ] uncle or your [ __ ] brother who's an accountant. You don't want to use them. No one knows who they are, their brand holds no weight. So, very similar to why I built the board, 80% of it was credibility. So the legal and accounting firms that I got needed to have the same kind of credibility to propel my reputation, my credibility. So but how did I engage them on a no money down basis? Right? Remember I bought a clinic with no money down industry experience. So I built my board with no money down. I got my professionals with no money down. And obviously the next steps no money down. I'll get into that. But essentially what you're looking for is delayed or rolled fees. delayed or rolled fees. That's the key to getting top tier work and no money down. And don't be afraid to pay a premium for these things, right? A premium for the privilege of delayed or rolled fees. The reason why these firms are going to accept your request for delayed award fees is because because of your [ __ ] board, right? If you were just if I was just Josh Leah walked into these accounting firms, law firms, and I said, "I want delayed ro fees," they'd be like, "Fuck off. Go away, kid." But because I presented with my board, they said, "Hm, this is promising." I also knew what to say. I said the right things, you know, beyond just talking [ __ ] out my ass. I said the right things. I presented well. I was in a full suit, right? Had the hair done. Not like today, but I was sexy. You're sexy, professional, had a sexy team behind me. And that's why these guys said, "Yeah, let's let's work with these guys. Let's take let's hedge our bets on this motherfucker." So that's how you get the lawyers and accountants. And that is your team, right? These things are your team. You got your internal team and your external team. And you want them to work in tandem. Tandem. All right. Next thing. What did I do from here? After I got my professionals, after I built my team, I uh what is it again? GTFM. What does that stand for? Get the [ __ ] money. Right. So, my first deal I actually didn't need to use the banks, but you should start establishing relationships with bankers, investors, lenders, financeers of all sort of all kinds, right? You want as many relationships with people who have the money, primarily the bankers. Bankers are your go-to. Uh if you've watched my other material, you'll know why commercial debt is a go and not private equity or investment uh investor capital, private investor capital or seed funding, [ __ ] like that. We want commercial debt. People who can lend us money without us giving away equity. People who can just lend us money on the basis of free cash flow. And when we're going to interview these people, that's the key thing. You interview these people. You don't [ __ ] go in there and beg for money. You go in there to interview them and see if they're the right financial partner for you. Right? So, we're looking for criteria process. How do you like to lend? How do you lend? What's your process? What's your credit process? Are you a branchbased lender or are you institutionalized? What's your criteria? Yeah. What are the metrics you work with? DSCRs, ICRs, right? LTVs. What are your criterias? When you start spewing this kind of language, then these bankers know you know your [ __ ] and you're serious. And again, remember why are these bankers taking you a little bit more seriously? It's because of you're bored and you're professionals. When you slap their logo, when you slap their name against your material and you present it to the bankers and say, "This is who I am. This is what my company does. This is what who we are. We're looking for financial partners." And you start spewing these questions. LTV, DSCR, ICR. They're going to be like, "Yep, yep, they're going to answer your questions. They're going to [ __ ] drop their panties, be like, "Holy [ __ ] someone that finally understands the banking world. I want to work with this guy." and they're going to tell you exactly what they need to approve loans to give you the money. You basically do the same process with the investors and any other kind of financiers in parallel with getting the [ __ ] money you want to be. What does GTFD stand for? Get the [ __ ] deals. deals. Okay? So, while you're looking for that money, you're also looking for deals. So, you see how we go, we went, we started not backwards. We started the right way. We started by building our credibility and expertise rather than looking for the money and the deals, which is what most people do when they try to find businesses. They go to brokers. They [ __ ] pay deposits to look at deals and they they go into banks and they beg for money. We're going the opposite way because we want to hit a home run. We don't want to hit first base, second base, third base. We want to hit the [ __ ] home run. Okay, so we're finding the money and we're finding the deals. How do we find the deals? Let's see if I can draw nicely. Holy [ __ ] What does that look like to you? Call call businesses and business owners directly. Avoid brokers. You don't want to go to brokers, [ __ ] brokies because they're [ __ ] They're genuinely [ __ ] right? For the most part, they are genuinely [ __ ] Maybe you'll come across a few good business brokers out there in your time, but in my experience, holy [ __ ] Brokers are just they pretend like they know [ __ ] but what's on their mind? What is the number one thing on their mind when they're presenting to a potential buyer? The commission, the money, they want to make their money. How do they make their money? They try to maximize the purchase price, the value of business, and sell it to some idiot who's not going to question it, right? They have all these processes and templates and frameworks in place to get you to [ __ ] buy their way. So, avoid brokers. [ __ ] brokers. I'm going to do this in red. [ __ ] it's not thick enough. But [ __ ] brokers. Sometimes they're good though. If you know how to negotiate, if you know how to negotiate, you know how to lead, you know how to grab them by the balls or the [ __ ] then brokers can be good. But I would avoid brokers. I would call people. This is how I find all my deals, right? I find all my deals through cold call, cold email, cold LinkedIn link [ __ ] LinkedIn DMs, right? And I have a very special tool that no one talks about. I'll give you a little clue. Give you a little clue. That's the clue that I'm going to give you as to what the tool is. It's not Apollo, but my owners academy members, they all have this. They all use this. Very easy to use. Very easy to find email addresses of people. U but yes, you can use Apollo to find mobile numbers. You can use um [ __ ] what is this called? Zoom info. Zoom info as well if you don't mind spending a little bit of money. But again, remember what are we doing? We are buying [ __ ] with no money down. So you can actually just Google businesses, chat JPT [ __ ] Gemini [ __ ] get a list of businesses, just call them directly, ask to speak with the boss. Better yet, if you can spend a little bit of time to go through Apollo, my special tool, LinkedIn, and find the direct email addresses and direct phone numbers of these sellers, even better. But essentially, that's what you do to find deals. You get on the phone, you get in touch with them, get in front of them, and just ask, "Have you ever thought about selling?" And then you have the conversation. You have the conversation. Have you ever thought about selling? How much do you want? What's your revenue? What's your bottom line? What are you expecting? Um, and then request the information from here like to get to start talking start crunching numbers, start talking business. I'm going give you some source here. three years financials plus tax returns. That's the core of what you'll need to see before you make an offer. Right? A lot of people will make offers based on the first interaction. I only ever make an offer once I've seen your 3 years financials and tax returns at a minimum. I would also like to get the cuz I'm in healthcare. I'm in clinical healthcare. the uh billings billings of practitioners, right? And what this basically is uh on a general basis is your revenue breakdown. Your revenue breakdown. Revenue breakdown. So basically how they make their money. How is their money split? All right. Where does their money come from? In clinical healthcare, obviously we have practitioners or doctors, right? We want to see how much each doctor pulls in. And the billings of the practitioners should equal the revenue that we see in the financials and the tax returns, assuming they're not cheating, right? If they're cheating, that's another way for you to discount their business. So, these are things you want to see on an initial basis. Um, before you do that, you can probably sign a confidentiality agreement or NDA as most people like to call it, especially people in the States. NDA man. Once you get that, get the financials and then you make your offer. Offer can be in the form of an LOI or NBIO. LOI or NBIO. You can be lazy [ __ ] and use AI to give you a template. Or you can do the professional thing, the right thing, and ask your legal guy from your board to draft you an LOI or NBIO template. And in terms of where you get your confidentiality agreement or NDA templates, again, you can get them online, but again, these are just stock standard. I would get your legal guy to to give this to you or even your legal firm, right? This is very easy to get. These these documents are very stock standard. It should be very easy for a top tier firm to just be, "Yeah, just take it. Just take it. It's [ __ ] It's [ __ ] all." If they're going to charge you, they're only going to charge you like it's assuming you have no money. It's a lot of money. But they're only going to charge you $1,000 or $2,000 for a proper confidentiality agreement, non-disclosure agreement. But your LOI, NBIO, you kind of want your internal team to be across that, too. So, it's wise to get that from your legal guy, your internal team, your internal legal guy. My legal guy opts for an NBI, non-binding indicative offer. It's uh my philosophy is we can cover off 80% of the conditions up front. Up front. So, when we get to the contract of sale, uh what is it? What are some other terms of it? Anyway, contract of sale, we don't have to be going back and forth, back and forth on conditions that we want. We can actually just specify conditions that we want up front. 80% of the conditions that we're going to have in the contract of sale, we're just going to put in the NBIO. Take it or leave it. Whereas with typically with LOIs, I mean depending on where you are, your practices, but typically with LOIs, they're a little bit more open-ended, right? So through due diligence, we can add add [ __ ] to it before we get to the contract of sale, the business. Oh, that's right. That's what it's called. Business purchase agreement. So where depending on where you are, what region you're in, you you call these things different things, but essentially the contract, the contract of sale, you can still do this DD process and like [ __ ] around with the with the offer because it's nonbinding, right? The LOI and the NBI, it's nonbinding. So it's very open to adjustments, revisions depending on what you find in due diligence, right? But the key thing in due diligence is quality of earnings. Quality of earnings. That's the main thing you're looking for. And quality of earnings encompasses many things within the business. And there are obviously many other aspects beyond that. Beyond just the numbers, but guess who's going to help you? Guess who's going to help you find out what to look for? Your board. By the way, your board, when you collectively build your board, you should have [ __ ] 200 years of collective experience, right? And over like, you know, at least, come on, at least 100 million. That's easy. At least $100 million worth of transactions value, transaction value led, right? Across all your guys that you build. This kind of little benchmark that you're looking for. Ideally, higher than that, but in terms of years of experience, right? Right? These are people who have gone through the gamut, run the gamut. They've done their deals. They've run and gun the corporate world. They understand exactly what needs to be done and you're using them from them for expertise. But here we are. So once you get in touch with the owner, you confidentiality, get the 3 years tax return, revenue breakdown, you review that with your team, make an offer in the form of an LOI or NBIO, and you start going through DD. Once they sign that NBIO or LOI, you go through DD U before you get to a contract of sale. In DD, the key thing is key thing you're looking for is the quality of earnings. And now with the quality of earnings, if you're going to finance, okay, this is what I didn't talk about. If you're going to finance a business, there are four ways. Four ways. Uh vendor finance, vendor rollover, commercial debt, and investor capital. So, I closed my first deal 100% vendor finance. But if you're going to get financing from the banks, so commercial debt, then you need the quality of earnings. You need the quality of earnings from your accounting firm. From your accounting firm, you get the quality of earnings and they present on your behalf. Right? Remember, they're credible, they're reputable, everyone knows who they are in the industry, even glo uh globally or even nationally. They're the ones presenting to the banks on your behalf, saying, "Hey, this is my client. This is the business they're looking at. This is what we need. This is the quality of earnings. Here's our forecast." Blah, blah, blah. They talk they talk their finance geek [ __ ] and they get the money for you. You have to lead that process, though. But how I closed my first deal was 100% vendor finance. And the term was basically 100% of the purchase price deferred over seven years with a 4% interest. Those are the three kind of key areas. 100% 7 years 4% interest. Uh seller stayed on. Seller stays on minimum 3 years. And the one thing that's going to either make your balls tingle or make your balls shrink is if you default at any point, if you don't make these payments, and these were paid monthly, paid monthly. If you don't make if we don't make any of these payments, there's a little period where the seller can exercise an option to take the whole business back for a dollar. So that was the thing that we negotiated, right? Because we provided no security, no guarantees. [ __ ] all, we provided nothing, but we got the business. We got the asset. And in conventionally, we overpaid, but you know, who cares? Who cares when you're not putting anything down, right? And this this model, this deal that I did, I told this to my billionaire mentor who's an energy titan who's going to be powering your future. And you're probably using the materials in your devices from his company or will be from his company, but he told me, and he's comes from a uh private equity investment uh investment background, done lots of big deals. He's told me he's never seen someone do a deal like this. 100% vendor finance. How the [ __ ] did you negotiate? No guarantees, no security. How did you negotiate all this to the close? So, in essence, my billionaire mentor was calling me a genius. So, this is why you should [ __ ] listen to me. This is why you should need to listen to me because this is how I bought a clinic with no money down or any industry experience in my early 20s, making me the youngest [ __ ] in Australia to get this done. And my billionaire mentor even said he's never seen this [ __ ] before. So that's essentially how I did it. To give you a little recap, built my team, internal, external team, and then from there, get the money, interview bankers, interview lenders, interview all the people who have the money, all the people who could potentially give me money, and go find get the [ __ ] deals. Go find the deals. Hit the phones, hit the emails, spam that [ __ ] You guys underestimate the amount of volume required to succeed, not only in life. Sorry, not only in business, but in life, right? Life is all a [ __ ] numbers game. And you need to hit the numbers. You need to hit make the more calls than you realize. I always say a thousand calls, a thousand cold calls will change your life in any field that you go into. Whether it's sales, whether it's the marketing, whether it's freelancing, whatever the [ __ ] you do, even if you're in the corporate world, if you make a thousand calls, there's no there is absolutely no chance that you don't succeed. Because at the end of at the end of it, if you make no money from a,000 calls, something's wrong. But at ultimately, you should be developing your skills. You should be developing your confidence. You should be developing your communication. You should be developing your tonality and messaging and all that [ __ ] your communication skills. But if you're making a,000 calls and you're not making any money, I don't know what to tell you, right? How can you go through a,000 reps of something and not get results, right? So, when it comes to finding the deals, more calls is the answer. more calls, more emails, more link [ __ ] more Apollo, more more more more until you find the motivated seller. That's the key thing here. And that's the thing I didn't mention. How you get how you get all this done with no money down is the motivated seller. You got to get the motivated [ __ ] seller. This guy or gal needs to be serious about selling the business. They need to be serious about moving on, handing the reigns over to someone and preferably to someone that's bright, ambitious, smart, professional, has a [ __ ] team behind them, right? Again, credibility. This changes the whole dynamic when you get in front of the money and the deals. When you present to a motivated seller, maybe this motivated seller has engaged other people and has other people interested in buying the business. But then you come along and you say the right things. You look the part. You've got a team behind you and you say, "You can trust me. I will look after your business. I will pay you the money that you want and I will look after your team. I will look after your legacy." Who are they going to choose? Like, are they going to choose the random Joe Schmo or they're going to choose the Josh Lee with the JC Health Group and the team and this and that, right? You get the point. But that's the key. Motivated seller. And it doesn't matter why they're looking to sell the business. You're looking for the fact that they are motivated to sell the business. They're serious to move forward and the business is profitable and cash flowing and has no [ __ ] skeletons in the closet. Those are the keys. those are the case. So that's it. That's how I closed. That's how I bought a clinic with no money down or industry experience in my early 20s. That's how I launched my healthcare company in how long did it take? In less than 30 minutes, I just explained the whole model to you, right? So you've got no no excuses as to why you can't do this. And by the way, I didn't start with any special background, any I had [ __ ] all. All I had was a belief in myself to be able to get this [ __ ] done, to be able to get in front of people, to recruit on my team, to get in front of these senior professionals, to join my [ __ ] to believe in my vision, and ultimately get getting the [ __ ] getting the [ __ ] money, getting the [ __ ] deals, having the conviction to say, "I can do this. I know I can do this. I'm better than the other [ __ ] Give me the shot. Put your bets on me. I will get this done. That's all you need. The balls and the conviction to do it. If you're female, the tits or whatever, whatever is the equivalent. Have the conviction to just be able to in yourself and in your vision to get this [ __ ] done. I'm not going to ramble for any longer. I hope this makes sense to you. And if you want access to all this [ __ ] in detail, you know where to go. Link is in the bio. Join the academy. Stop being a coward. Make the leap.


Okay guys, welcome, welcome, welcome. Can you all hear me? Let me know in the chat. Can you all hear me? Hello, hello, hello. Awesome, awesome. Thank you for joining me, everyone. Um, it'd be great if you guys could turn on your cameras. Um, start engaging in the chat. By the way, let me know where you're from as well. If you don't know, I'm in Australia down under. Turn on your cameras then. That way I can feel like I'm talking to people and I'm not just yelling at myself. Oh, Costa Rica. Nice. Nice. Thank you. Thank you. Got a fellow Australian down here. Awesome. Okay, so we've got a good mix. We've got a good mix around the world, which is very good because this works across every developed country. So maybe not uh Nigeria or some other place like that, but where all the places I see it works. All right, let's get into it. Welcome to the 100% vendor finance masterass. Uh some of you may be familiar with who I am and what I do. I do see a lot of new names. I see some familiar names, but as we go on, you'll get to know me. I'll get to know you a little bit more. And at the end, I'll be taking whatever questions you have. Um, so just sit tight and take notes, get comfortable, and pay attention. So, today we're going to be talking about how to actually buy established, profitable, cash flowing companies with 100% vendor finance, so you don't spend anything out of pocket or need to geek out on finance or industry [ __ ] Right? I'm a very unconventional teacher, let's say. Uh my methods aren't MBA backed. I don't have a finance background. I don't come from the typical accounting acquisitions, legal background, right? I'm teaching this from my personal experience, the experience of my clients, my network. Um so it's very practical and I like to keep things very simple, as simple as possible. So, super important before we really get into the content of what I'm going to teach today, make sure you're taking notes. Um, so make sure you're sitting there with a pen and paper. That's the best way to do it. That's the best way you're going to learn, right? What's written is retained. And make sure you get rid of any distractions. I'm going to go through this uh quickly. You know, we don't have too much time together, so I can't get into too much detail, and I'm also going to I can't linger too much on particular topics. And again, remember there are going to be questions at the end. Um, and $10,000, make sure you have that ready to pay me at the end. I'm just joking. Um, treat this, even though this is free, right? Treat this as if you paid $10,000, right? How differently would you treat this session, these two hours that I'm going to be spending with you, if you paid $10,000, and people have paid me $10,000 to just sit down with me to talk, right? These are established business people who understand the value of what I'm talking about. Understand the value of paying for advice. All right? Because at the end of the day, it's all about implementation. Implementation of what you learn. All right? So, treat this seriously. And at the end, I'm going to be giving away uh an NBIO. If you don't know what an NBIO is, it's a non-binding indicative offer. That's the format I like to submit my offers. So, I'm going to give you a free template, free structure, deal structure that I created that I've never seen anyone else do and you're going to get it if you if you're here watching and you stay till the end. Um, all of this stuff, by the way, I teach in my owners academy. That's my private community. This is where I share a full course, full I've got, you know, guys all around the world, you know, doing this stuff, right? Closing deals, no money down. That that's our focus. No money down. As you can see, you know, we've got group chats and I meet uh my guys as well. Um, so I I'll share a bit more about that later today. If you get a lot of value from the presentation and what I teach, it'd be my pleasure to share how you can continue learning more in detail. All right, pop quiz first. How deal ready are you? I don't want you to I don't want you guys to type the answers. I want you guys to write this down in your own notes. Okay, so let me know when you're ready in the chat. You know, when you've written down your answers, we're going to go through this at the end. see if you got them right. And ultimately, this this is going to test how ready are you to start executing this model before we even start getting into it. So, when you're finished with your answers, you've got them written down, just pop a little ready or let's go in the chat. So, first question, what is the minimum DSCR I recommend? DSCR. Do you even know what that is? So, we're going to go through that today. How much cash do you need to buy a company? That's a should be a pretty simple answer. Now, what's the best way to find deals? This is a very common question I get. How what's the best way to find deals? What's the best deal negotiation tactic? I'm going to be teaching you that today. And what are the three sets of items you should get before making an offer? before you even talk numbers, what should you get? And if you've been following my material across Instagram or YouTube or maybe you've attended a live before, you'll you should know these answers. So again, if you're once you're ready, once you're ready, just let me know in the chat. Just say I'm ready or let's go. Synergy. What are you talking about, Olivia? That's a good point. Yep. You do need to clarify if it's right for you as a person. Um, while we're on that, I always recommend getting into an industry or finding businesses that are that match your passion, right? your expertise. Uh, actually expertise is a double-edged sword. Yeah. If you know too much about an industry, if you know too much about a business, let's say you've worked in as an accountant before, right? Sometimes it's going to actually be a detriment for you to get into the accounting business, right? Sometimes, and I talk about this in my other material, guys. What's taking so long? Who's ready? Come on. Ready, ready, ready. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Give you 10 more seconds. Going to give you guys 10 more seconds and then we're going to move along. Okay. It's easier if you're passionate about the business, but that's not very necessary, right? Um there's a very common example you know the the billionaire in China who owns a concrete company does is he passionate about concrete? No. But he's passionate about making money. Right. Okay. First thing I want to cover off is the elements of a deal. I see a lot of people over complicate buying a business and this is all it really is. You've got four elements here, right? You've got I've drawn a house but this unit, right? That's the company. And then you have these three moving parts. You, money, and the seller. Right? So it's essentially to buy a company, right? To buy a business, to close a deal, you need to engage someone who wants to sell their business, who owns a business. And in between you is money or a deal, right? So today I'm going to show you how to get across this hurdle. Right? If you don't have money, per se, to buy a company, right? If you don't have a million dollars, $2 million just sitting there waiting to buy a company, I'm going to show you how you can buy it without using any of your own money. And in fact, without using other people's money because there are only three main debt sources. I'm pretty sure there's literally only three debt sources in the world, right? Banks, that's the first thing, right? You can get a loan from the bank. Whether it's a personal loan, house loan, I'm sure some of you, I'm sure everyone knows this, right? You can get a loan to buy a house. And obviously there's business loans, right? Business loans. There are heaps of different business loans, cash flow loans, asset loans, um you just lines of credit, right? You can structure debt in a variety of ways with banks and they offer a lot of these products. Second is non-bank lenders, right? These can be investors, private lenders, family officers, just people or organizations, um, or groups of people who aren't banks, right? They don't take deposits and they don't lend out other people's money. They have their own money and they're looking to get a return. So, typically these debt sources are a bit more expensive. the interest rates are a bit higher and the terms are a little bit more favorable to these private lenders, but nonetheless, they can give you the money to get a deal done. Now, what we're going to be focusing on today is vendors. How do we use the vendors to provide us debt to acquire an asset, their asset, right? So, that's what we're going to focus on today, vendor financing. Now, some of you might be asking, what is vendor financing? Vendor financing basically an IOU as I've you're probably gathering. It's a loan, right? It's a loan with the seller. It's essentially I'll pay you back, bro. All right? I'll I will pay you back. Trust me. That's essentially all it is. And that's the same deal that you have with banks and anyone else who gives you money, right? It's a promise. I'll pay you back. Now, the reason why it works is because you're using the profit and cash flow of a business to buy it, right? So, you're using the business to buy the business. So, on this note about profit and cash flow, we my whole model revolves around buying profitable cash flowing businesses. So we're avoiding the businesses who aren't profitable for one and preferably have very regular cash flow. So one example might be um businesses that work on projects, right? If you're working on quarterly or six month or annual projects and you only get paid every 3 months or you only get paid every 6 months, that's a very poor cash flowing business, right? you get big lump sums of cash, but yeah, you don't have cash coming in every day. Whereas, I'm in the healthare business. I'm in the healthare business, the clinical healthcare business. We get money in every single day. We have patients coming into our doors and they're paying out of their own pocket or they've got insurance or third parties and these guys fund us on a rate on a daily and weekly basis, right? So, that's a very strong cash flowing business. And when we're looking at businesses to buy, we're looking at businesses with profit for one. That's the first and foremost. It has to be profitable. So no turnarounds. We're not trying to save a business. We're not trying to take business and turn it around. That's a big misconception I see a lot, right? People get into this game and think what like you know why why would someone sell their profitable business? Like I'm I'm just looking for businesses that aren't working. I can't do vendor finance. Right? And that's that's correct. You can't vendor finance. Well, you can, but you can't vendor vendor vendor finance a business that isn't profitable and isn't cash flowing because the whole point of vendor finance is you're using the money in the business to pay the seller. Now, you at this point you might be wondering why would someone do this, right? If you run a business that's doing say a million dollars in profit, why would you sell it to someone if you're already making a million dollars in profit, right? The short answer is, oh, I already asked this. The short answer is it doesn't matter, right? [snorts] It doesn't [ __ ] matter. They could be sick, dying of cancer. They might want to spend more time with their kids. They might want to [ __ ] off to Venezuela, to Dubai, something, right? It it actually doesn't matter why someone would do it. And that's this is one of the biggest hurdles that a lot of people can't seem to to get. And a lot of my clients when I start working with them, they they they're like they're trying to convince, they're trying to negotiate, they're trying to present why people should take their offer. But the key thing is we're looking for a motivated seller, right? And I'm going to get into the reasons as to actually why people will accept a vendor finance deal. But the first principle I want you to understand [clears throat] is that it actually doesn't matter. Doesn't matter why someone would accept. But here's the real reasons why someone would accept. Usually a vendor finance deal will give them an above market rate price, right? So if a rule of thumb is if you pay cash upfront for a business, they're typic that's going to be market value. You're going to be paying market value for a business if you're going to give people money up front, right? But if sellers are willing to be flexible with you, if they're willing to play your game, you should reward them. I I believe in good business. I I believe you should reward them for letting you dictate the terms, right? So, let's say a business is typically worth Yeah. Uh it's doing $100,000 in profit. Someone paying cash would be like, "Okay, I'll give you $300,000 for this business." But we're going to be like, "Okay, we we don't have $300,000 to give you, so we'll actually pay you $500,000, but I want to pay you over several years, right? So that that's typically how vendor financing works, right? You'll pay above market rate, and sellers are usually happy with that because, again, it doesn't matter why they're selling, doesn't matter why they're going to accept. they just think, hm, I'm going to get more money overall. I'm happy with that. Second thing is steady cash flow. Steady cash flow. I usually structure my vendor finance payments monthly, right? So, I'm paying monthly cap monthly payments to the seller. So, they can usually [ __ ] off from the business and then they don't have to worry about the business anymore. I'm managing it. Me and my team are managing it, but they're still getting paid a very decent salary, a very decent paycheck from the business without doing anything, right? So, they're getting they're getting a steady cash flow. So, this is a really good retirement plan. I'm going to show you something called the pension plan later. The pension plan deal um but we'll get into that. More money. I've already alluded to this, right? Above market rate. People usually get more money overall for their business. A lot of times sellers haven't set up properly to maximize the value they get when they exit when they sell the business. Right? So you I don't know if you guys have had uncles, your dad, your mom might might own a traditional business, right? The way they operate is not optimized to sell at a really premium value. So we can actually offer a premium value just over time. Just over time um and we can optimize things as we go. Potential tax savings. So this rather than the seller getting one lump sum payment they they are getting payments over time which can be very tax beneficial right and it this this this is when it pays for them to have a good accountant right who can advise them but that's not your problem right uh this is something that I've dealt with with some of my clients that they get hung over or strung over like oh but the tax problem with the seller like that's not your problem guys that's that's their problem let them talk to their accountant. You tell them, talk to your accountant. If your accountant is not giving you good advice, get another [ __ ] accountant, right? Not your problem. And fast closing. When your vendor financing a deal, you don't have to go through banks, which means you don't need to present a formal presentation, a financing package, right? You don't need you can bypass this whole credit process and just do the due diligence that you need to do to close a deal. So let let's say a bank deal can typically be between 6 to 12 weeks for them to do their [ __ ] But for you to do this, let's say you have a good accountant, lawyer, you can close these businesses very quickly because all you need to look at is profit uh revenue profit and the quality of their earnings. All right? So you can write this down. Quality of earnings. That's the main thing you're looking for. And now is the best time, guys. Now is the best time to be doing this, right? I've I've only I I'm just at the start of it, guys. Like, I'm uh three years into this now, right? Into buying my own companies and doing no money down deals. Uh and I've already got a network worldwide of guys doing this. I'm doing this with my healthcare company here in Australia. So, if you're familiar with me and my content, you know my company and what we do. But just look at the numbers here. Um I I can't remember if this was global. I don't definitely not global but these are just some numbers based on industry in terms of total value. Right? Look at these listings here. There are thousands I think this is just Australia. There are thousands of listings in across every industry, right? For you to go in and buy these companies. Look at the total value of the market. Look at the average price of these businesses, right? And just think, these are listings, public listings only. I like to source my deals off market. So the deals that I'm looking at aren't even reflected in these numbers. These numbers are just public numbers. So just think about how many businesses there are up for sale in that's why I asked you guys where you guys are from. If you're in UK, US, in the EU, developed countries, there are so many businesses just at at at your fingertips waiting for you to get in front of to buy. So now is the time over the next 5 to 10 years, this is what we call the silver tsunami. So if you're not playing the game already, then yeah, people like me and the guys in my network, we're going to be snatching up as much as we can today. what we're going to be covering three key things. Three key things so you can walk away with the game plan. Right? So, we're going to go through sourcing. I'm going to show you my secret source to finding deals, particularly offmarket deals. The deals that aren't just public, like a prostitute on the corner, right? They're not public. You can't just walk up to them and give them give them some money, right? You're going to have to find them yourself. But these are the best deals. I'm going to show you how to find these deals. Positioning. This is the one thing that I think everyone overlooks, right? People skip this step and wonder why they can't get money from banks or investors and wonder why sellers won't take them seriously. Right? That's I'm going to show you how to position yourself in your brand. So, we're going to be focused on vendor financing. But if you position correctly, banks want to talk to you, investors want to talk to you, and particularly sellers, most importantly, sellers want to talk to you. And then ultimately structuring, right? How to put the numbers together, and how to pitch the deal. So these are the three key things we're going to cover today. And you're going to walk away with how to actually use vendor financing and creative approaches to close a deal, to buy a company, particularly a six, seven figure, even eight figure company. That's rare, but even an 8 figure company with no money down and and pull money for out of the deal. That's what you're going to walk away with today. This system that I'm going to show I'm going to show you today is how I closed my first deal with zero down. Zero experience while I was unemployed. Right? So, this deal was how I launched my own healthcare company. I was 25 years old, unemployed. I had no money, no industry experience. And this is the same system I used to acquire the company. Right after I acquired the company, I pulled $150,000 in the first year and I built mid6 figures in equity for myself from the first deal. Right? Very first deal, no money, no experience, instant jump in income and equity, right? There's no other game that really does this for you. And Cam is one of my guys in my network. I'm going to show you how he closed two deals in 23 days. Two deals in 23 days. So, this model is for you if one, you're not afraid of hard work, right? This is going to be very important. A lot of people who are looking for the 4-hour work week. You can't do this. You can't do this on a 4-hour work week. You got to be willing to face your own demons and insecurities, right? You're going to need to do a lot of negotiation. You're going to need to need to talk to people. You're going to need to engage parties and make offers that you might be embarrassed to make, right? You're going to have to face your own insecurities. You're going to have to be willing to throw everything. You know, most to my point about if you know too much about a business, usually it's a very bad idea to go into the business because you're going to overthink things. You're going to be too analytical, right? You're going to make decisions based on logic. But particularly if you're religious or spiritual, you're going to understand this concept, right? The more intuitive you can be, the more you can just go off your gut feeling. Typically, the better things turn out rather than trying to deduce things by logic. Make sense of everything, right? You're going to have to enjoy developing yourself. This game is a constant learning curve. I'm talking to you now as if I I've been doing this, right? I've been negotiating, communicating, teaching for the last 5 years. But you should have seen me before this. I was shy, right? I was very shy. I couldn't I couldn't conjure a sentence without stuttering or repeating myself. You have to enjoy developing yourself. This is a game of constant development. You're going to be constantly learning about the business, finance, negotiation, right? You're going to have to be continually investing in yourself. Going to have to endure the pain, right? Without pain, there's no growth. And this is for you if you're tired of chasing money, a salary, and a capped income. So before I started this, I was working with a bank. I was making other people rich. I was working at a fixed income while I was doing more and more work. Right? So if you're tired of chasing money and capping yourself with a job, this is for you because you can you can just keep building your wealth by based on the work that you're willing to put in. Right? So this is my point about you want to build wealth. You actually want to build wealth and you don't want to just run this rat race. You want to take control of your life and income alludes to my point about your you don't want to be capped, right? And you want to play with the big dogs. You ultimately want to play with the big dogs. This is what this is the game that the richest people in the world play. You see people who talk about, oh, I I made $300 million last year. I made $100 million. I made $200 million. I made a billion. This is how they do it. They buy companies, roll them up, and sell them. And I'm going to show you a strategy how you can start playing the game even if you're not a millionaire or a billionaire. So you can start playing the game like I did when I was 25. I started playing with the big dogs by following this track. So per just a little a quick personal story so you can catch up with if you're not familiar with me, who I am, my story. So I as I said I was working at a bank solless organization did not enjoy myself I thought I wanted to climb the corporate ladder so this might be you right you might be thinking I'm going to climb the corporate ladder increase my pay every year typical story right I was making other people rich not myself at this time it kind of I was my parents got divorced they sold our family home um all this [ __ ] just started happening yeah and I kept on being told by friends, family to just be normal. Be normal. Just get a job. Find a different place that you enjoy, right? Find something that you're you that you like, that you can be comfortable with, that you can get you can guarantee an income, right? Just be normal. So I and I I didn't want to be, right? I didn't want to just be some regular Joe making 80K a year and just calling it calling it a day, right? I tried crypto. I tried freelancing, trading, ecom. I made money in all these things, but nothing compares to the satisfaction and the fulfillment of what I'm doing now. So, if you don't know who I am, my name is Josh Lee, by the way. Um, but who have you guys learned a lot? Have you guys learned a lot so far already? Let me know in the chat. Um, I'm just going to quickly introduce myself before we dive into the step-by-step strategies. So by the time I was 21, I closed over $30 million in deals in banking. I right now I'm a global mentor and consultant to people all around the world. Right? I'm teaching um acquisitions. Before this I was doing a little bit of consulting work with sales and marketing. Um I've advised, facilitated, led over $und00 million in transactions to date. And I am the youngest in Australian history to do a no money down deal in healthcare, right? Youngest in Australian history. Um, and this is not just me, right? These are guys in my network. So, I've just got little screenshots. We've got a group communication, but Arthur, he signed a $23 million deal. No money down. Cam, I've already alluded to him. I call him uh BDC. I'll tell you what that means later, what that stands for later. But he did two deals, 23 days, 100% seller finance, got a $500,000 working capital out of those deals, right? 23 days, two businesses, and pulled out $500,000 from the banks for doing the from doing these deals. My friend here in Australia, Jason, he's in the rad, he was in the radiology business. He exited for $200 million in in seven years, right? His first ever deal he did $5.5 million $0 down and he exited 7 years later for $200 million to private equity. Private equity paid him $200 million. And Jaylen Hill was one of my recent students. He built a team. He secured the former CEO of IBM with the strategies and the scripts that I gave him. Right? So this is the kind of stuff I'm going to be teaching you how you can you can start doing all this stuff. All right, let's get into it. Make sure you're taking notes. Follow [snorts] follow along, right? If you have questions, save them for the end, please. I will be I will answer whatever you have. Um, but if you pay attention, if you pay attention and you're willing to take action, you're going to be able to close a deal in the next 90 days. I'm going to give you the exact step-by-step thing that things that you need to do to close a 100% vendor finance deal within the next 90 days. as long as you move fast and take action. That's the most important thing as I've mentioned several times already. Take action. Okay, I'm going to cheat a little bit today. I'm going to be hacking my own model. So, if you're not familiar with my model, it's called the 3C model, right? It's called C. The three C's stand for credibility, capital, and closing. This is the framework that I base all my teachings off for acquisitions. Right? When people come to me to learn how to buy companies, this is the framework I take them through. And usually this takes a little bit of time, nuance, and but we don't have that time, that luxury today, right? Today we're going to be focusing on vendor financing, how you can walk away and just start executing, right? So, you can skip the [ __ ] that I preach on a day-to-day basis. You can skip it all. And I'm just going to show you how to f how to do these things, these three things. how to find deals, how to position yourself correctly, and how to structure and pitch the deal. So, remember remember the little draw the [ __ ] drawing that I did before, right? Elements of a deal. It's as simple as this. Don't over complicate it. All you need to do is find deals. And when you get in front of sellers, you need to position yourself, your brand correctly. And when you make the offer, it's all about structuring right and pitching right. Right? Is if you can if you can do these three things properly, you'll be a good deal maker. So first thing is finding the right deal. Finding the right deal is all about finding a motivated seller. The motivated seller. And ideally, these are the metrics that I like to base my deals off. At least a million dollars in revenue, 15% profit margins, and four or more employees. All right? If you go under this, especially in this day and age, you're typically looking at a business that is the owner is heavily involved in the business. Um, I'm not going to go into how to do those deals today, but when you're at a million dollars plus in revenue and you're at a 15% profit margin or more, it typically means there's management in place and people are doing things without the owner, right? So, it's kind of like a self-sufficient business. So when remember how I said we're not looking for businesses that are turnaround. We're not trying to turn [ __ ] around. We're trying to find business that are already profitable, already cash flowing and ideally with a team that's that already knows what to do. So you don't need to step in and figure [ __ ] out. You've already got a team of people who are working the business, who are making the money, who are collecting the cash, delivering the service, doing the [ __ ] You don't want to be jumping in ideally. Now, brokers, brokers equals equals brokers equal brokies. Avoid them. I have never had a good interaction. Actually, that's a lie. I 99% of the interactions I've had with brokers are [ __ ] They They don't understand business for one, right? They don't understand business for one. I think I got that in my next slide. Yeah. Okay. They don't understand business for one. They might have done an MBA, an MBA, and they think they know all this about business and they give you numbers. They know how to work the deal. It's [ __ ] Most of the deals I look at from brokers, they are over inflated, right? So, a business, they could show me a business that's $3 million revenue and holy [ __ ] Josh, look at this, they're doing a million dollars in profit. But then when you peel it back, you look at the profit and you're like, "Wait, why did you add this back? Why did you add this back and the the one thing that gets me that peeves me is they add back the owner's salary?" And then I ask, "Is the owner involved in the business dayto day?" And they'll say, "Yes." So the owner could be paying themselves 250k, but the broker's adding that back into the profit, right? So realistically, you're looking at a business that's $3 million in revenue and they're that realistically that not a million dollars in profit, but they're at $500,000 in profit, right? But the bro and now the broker has finger [ __ ] the deal. He's finger [ __ ] the deal and he's made the seller so excited for a particular deal, right? Cuz the seller's like, "Yeah, oh, so you're saying that my business is at a million dollars in profit. I could sell my business for let's say three to five times. I could sell my business for $5 million. You can you say and this is what the expectation this is the seller's expectation. So when I come in and say well I'm only going to pay 2.5 mil or even 2 million. The the sellers don't want to do it. The sellers have this idea. They've already spent the money. And that's one concept you can write down. When you're talking to sellers and you're giving them a price, they've already spent the money in their heads. And maybe you're you do this, you do this as well, right? When when some when maybe you've done a project or maybe when you've got a bonus coming up at work, right? And you're getting paid more money than what you usually would, you're thinking already, what where am I going to spend that money, right? It's like when you're when you're doing your tax returns, right? You get that money like, "Oh, what am I going to spend this on? Am I going to go on a holiday?" Right? So, when you're talking to sellers, they they've already spent the money. And it really doesn't help when you've got a broker who doesn't understand business for one trying to finger [ __ ] the deal. And my first point here, commission incentivized. A broker is trying to maximize the purchase price so they get their commission, right? They don't they do not care whether the business works for you or not. They just care as to what they can make the value of the business seem to the market. I I say most people who buy businesses from business brokers are ill advised, right? They are suckers. And the brokers are praying that you know nothing about B that the brokers are praying that you know less about business than them so they can jack up the price and give you something that's double its value so they make a commission from the seller because who pays the broker? It's the seller. So it's basically two verse one and it's just an extra layer of work, right? So there are ways to negotiate and handle brokers but today we're not going to get into that. So how do you find deals? you go off market. What does going off market mean? Calls, emails, LinkedIn. Go directly to the sellers. These are the three ways that I source all my deals and I've always got deals on the table. I'm about to close one by the end of this year. I've got a handful that I'm working on. I've just sent an offer yesterday for another deal. Right. There are no shortages of businesses that aren't listed on the market, aka on a broker's website, on biz, buy, sell, uh if you're in Australia, you know, uh what is it? Commercial real estate, right? There are heaps of that pro probably more businesses out there offmarket than there are on the market. So, I always say the best deals are off market. And there's it's very easy. It's very easy to find these deals. How do you do it? We have the internet, guys. We have the internet where you can literally Google, LinkedIn, and one tool that most people, if you've been in sales or outreach, you know, Apollo, Apollo is a powerful tool. It's a very, it's probably the stock standard in outreach, right? Trying to find businesses, owners names, email addresses, and phone numbers, right? But at the end of the day, you can just Google businesses, right, and call them directly. You can LinkedIn. You can just type in I'm in healthcare, right? So I just type in clinic director or clinic owner and it gives me a list of thousands, tens of thousands of clinic directors. And with the filters, like holy [ __ ] it's so easy. It you can just filter. I'm in Melbourne, Australia. I just filter Melbourne, Victoria. I filter um clinic director, filter by location, and boom, I go through the list. And this is what I mean about working hard, right? You're going to actually have to find the deals yourself, right? So, if you want to close a deal, no money down, you're not going to do it with the broker deals. I I haven't seen anyone close a broker deal no money down with vendor financing. But all the guys that I know, all the guys that I'm coaching myself, we close no money down deals by finding the deals ourselves. So, I'm going to give you a an an example here. Lead scraping 101 using a particular tool. Um, make sure you take note of this one. This is a very powerful and easy tool to use. So, one thing that some of you may be familiar with, I've just got an example here. You type in brothel near me, right? It gives you a list of all the businesses on Google, right? Go to Google Maps, type in whatever. So, plumbers near me, um, you know, clinics near me, whatever business you want to buy, doesn't matter. Go near me, and then scroll down to the bottom of the list until you see this part. You've reached the end of the list. Now, this is on Google Chrome, by the way, right? So for all the Firefox and Safari and god forbid Internet Explorer, use Google Chrome. Go to the extensions and find this thing called instant data scraper, right? You you can all see this, right? Instant Instant Data Scraper. Make sure you're finding the one with the Poké Ball. The one with the Pokeball. Instant data scraper. Use that extension on this page that you're on. And boom, it will extract it all into a list for you with their website, the name of the business, their Google rating, right? How many reviews they have, and their phone number and email address if they have it, right? So, in brothel is probably a bad example for it, but in the clinical world, usually there's an email address and a phone number that comes with it. So most businesses on the Google listings have this data for this tool to just extract for you, right? So this makes your job so easy, right? Honestly, before I found this tool, I was going through the Google maps and just finding places in my in my city, in my state, and putting inputting them into a list manually. Right? So, this is a very easy tool for you to just put it all into a list for you in an Excel sheet, in a Google sheet, so it's all laid out ready for you to smile and dial or email. Uh, so from here, here's where you plug these businesses into Apollo LinkedIn Pippy Leads. Um, so I didn't put the name here. Real ones know this is this is a tool that no one talks about, PIPI leads, right? And because you're watching this, you're you get the secret source, right? PP leads, pipi leads. This is how you can find the email address of 80 to 90% of the people you want to reach, including billionaires. Um, and by the way, in my private community, the owners academy, I show you how to get in touch with billionaires, how to get a billionaire to mentor you, how to get in touch with them, how to schedule a meeting with them, right? And I I've got a billionaire mentor myself. Um, I think in my intro slide I included a picture of me and my billionaire mentor. Um, but Pippy Leads, Pippy Leads is how I found the email address of 60 or so billionaires in my country in Australia, right? So use that tool to find the email address of basically anyone you want. And what you do from here, you find the name of the business, you plug it into Apollo, you plug it into LinkedIn, and you just find the seller, you find the owner, the director, the managing director, whoever. Those are the typical titles, right? The director, the owner, uh managing director, founder. These are the people you want to reach. These are the people you want to talk to. So, that's lead scraping 101. Now, this is the flow. You can take a picture of this if you want. Um I know my face is blocking a little bit. You can go for that if you guys can see that. And I'm going to block it again. This is the typical flow of how you find businesses, right? Start with identifying the business you want all the way through to settlement. And these are the steps that you need to take, right? You got to build the list. You got to call, email, you got to reach out. You've got to review the numbers. You've got to make the offers, due diligence, and boom. As simple as this. Right? This is the flow of how you close. Hey, how you buy a business in its most simplest form. Follow these steps. And I'm going to go through these in a little bit more detail. Um, and this is essentially the the process that I coach every all of my clients on. Right? So, if you want um indepth in detail tailored advice and live coaching with every single step of the process, um, you can do that in my community or through my private coaching. Okay. So, now you know how to find deals, right? I've just given you an example of how to find deals. That's only the first step. The important things is positioning and presenting the deal. There's one, this is a saying from my virtual mentor, perception is reality. Perception is reality. In other words, what most people identify this quote as fake it till you make it. Right? Just because you're not a millionaire now, just because you're not a billionaire now, doesn't mean you can't act like one. P be perceived as one. And in saying so, I've alluded to some the the religious and the spiritual people, right? How does law of attraction work? The law of attraction does not work by you thinking about what you want. It works by you acting like the way you want. Right? Acting as if the outcome has happened, right? Operating at a particular frequency, operating at the frequency that you want to achieve or that you want to operate. Right? So if you keep identifying yourself as oh I'm just a student or I'm just a guy that works 9 to5 or oh this is one this is one example one example is I've had this quite a lot in job interviews when I interview people especially women right single mothers when I ask them tell me a bit more about yourself or tell me about yourself hey thanks for coming in coming in tell me about yourself. They say, "Uh, my name's, um, you know, Jill. I'm a single mother, right? Why would you identify that? I'm actually no, forget I asked why." How you see yourself is just how you're going to act, right? And how other people are going to treat you, right? So if you identify as, "Oh, I'm I'm a single mother, right? You're you're just putting yourself into a victim mentality, right? So I I say to these people and I've said to them a lot at the end of the interviews, I say, "Hey, you have so many other qualities behind you. You're you're smart. You're organized. You're very capable. You're very well presented. You are more than just a single mother. Lead with your other qualities." Right? So you're not just a student, you're not just a an So when I did my first deal, I was unemployed, right? I could have identified as unemployed, but no, I I chose to identify as the founder of JC Health Group, right? I was a founder of a nationally recognized company with worldclass people in working for me, right? That's how I identified. So this is what I mean by perception is reality. You kind of have to fake it till you make it. Most people who walk into a bank or walk into a a business owner's office and they say, "Oh, I'm I'm just a beginner." Like, "I'm just a beginner. I I just want to buy your business." That's not how you position. And that's the reason why people don't take you seriously. So 8020, I'm going to show you how to position yourself so you do 80% of the work, right? without having to convince people that you're worthy of talking to. So, right, so to my point about the single mother, right, you've kind of lost me by introducing yourself as a single mother, but throughout the conversation, you're trying to convince me otherwise. You're trying to convince me that you're a good worker, you're hardworking, blah, blah, all all these things, right? And yes, while you might be a good communicator, well organized, right? you can manage people well. While that might be true, you can actually just bypass my doubts with your first impression. And remember this, your first you have two times to make a first impression. How you look and how you sound. How you look and how you sound. If you can nail the two the first impression, that's 80% of your work. So work smarter, not harder. We all know that. So, as I've said, do not present as a regular Joe. You don't want to want to just be a regular person. When you go to a seller, when you talk to business owners, you don't just want to be another just another guy, another guy coming, oh, this guy just wants to buy my business. Like, you want to present as someone sophisticated, someone who knows what they're talking about, someone who knows what they're doing, not a regular job. So, here's what you need to do. Well, you don't need to do anything, right? But this is what I would recommend. You recruit a team. So, you have other names behind you. You wear a bloody suit. Don't rock up to people's offices looking like you're going to a friend's house. Cuz these people aren't your friends. These are your business opportunities. And remember what I said about a first impression, right? So wear a suit and speak with authority. I tell all my clients and all my students, you need to practice, practice, practice, practice. You need to practice your scripts. You need to talk into the mirror. You need to go practice your public speaking, right? Learn the scripts. Learn the terminology. Get comfortable with the finance terms. Right? It it it's like if you've ever been in sales, you've probably learned this before. When you're selling something and you and they go people go, "Oh, how much is it?" And you go, "Oh, oh, it's um uh $10,000." Boom. Instantly, you've lost credibility, right? But if if they ask, "Oh, so how much is it?" You say, "It's only 10K." Right? There's big difference, right? Big difference to a little stutterer to 10K to Oh, it's just 10K. Right? So speak with authority. That's what I mean. This is part of my 3C model, right? So just just to give you some awareness, just to give you an outline. My 3C model, as I said, we're going to bypass this, but just to give you uh an outline of it. So credibility first. This is what I mean by credibility, right? Recruiting a team, dressing well, speaking well. This is your credibility. and then mastering the capital mechanisms while executing the closing process. This model is essentially how my friend rolled up his radiology business and sold for $200 million, right? But this is not what I'm going to show you today. What I'm going to show you today again is uh a hack, but I just wanted to give you an insight into the full model if you're interested. And this is how this is how you play the big the big boy game, right? If you want to exit for 200 million, 300 million, $500 million, this is the full way to do it. Um, and here's an example of my team that I built, right? So, this is my company, JC Health Group, and these are the guys on my team, right? I've got a former high commissioner ambassador to the UK from Australia, right? So if you know the ambassador role um sometimes you can just be a representative role but it's a very high high position in the government right so he worked directly with the queen um he was the chairman of one of the world's largest hedge funds right so just imagine this if I was to go to a bank or seller just as Josh Lee I'm just some guy but if I go as hey I'm the founder of JC Health Group and these are the people in my company working with me there's a much different persona perception right I'm working with someone who worked directly with the queen right and that's just one guy all these all these other guys on my company are world class professionals so I'm going to show you the hack this picture here is me and Christian Christian doors you might have heard of him he recently did a did two uh podcast interviews with Brad Lee Bradley and Dan Pena. Christian um is a fellow Australian boy. He's in Victoria. He's in waste management. So he did his first deal, $2.4 million, but he did something called a project version, right? So not not like what I teach a 3C model, which is a comprehensive model, and we focus on things way before we start looking at businesses. But what Christian did was he started he started looking at businesses first. You know he started looking at businesses first. So number one he found deals and then two he built the credibility and expertise for that deal. Right? So this is very different from my model where I build the credibility and expertise first so then I can find the deals and the money. Christian went the other way. Christian found deals and then built credibility and expertise for that deal and then he structured and closed from there. So, this is essentially what I'm going to be showing you today. So, going back to the elements of the deal, if we're taking away the money, if we're taking away the money, that's a gap. That's a vacuum in the process. So if you know quant if you understand quantum physics you understand that if you remove something and you create a gap in the world it needs to be filled right the universe the [ __ ] physics I I can't explain it I'm no genius it begs to it demands to fill that space so if we're removing this space of money up front what needs to fill it what do you think needs to fill it right what do you think needs to fill this gap of no money here. I'll let you think about it a little for a little bit. What needs to fill this gap? Trust. How you strike deals without giving people what they expect is trust, right? A seller needs to trust you, your company, your structure, your vision, your mission, your whole presentation to say yes to you. That's the essence of sales. Someone needs to trust that they can get the results that you're promising or they can get the outcome that you're promising. Right? So, when people say vendor financing doesn't work, it's because of [ __ ] positioning and [ __ ] pitching. I've had so many people come up to me and say, "Vendor financing doesn't work." Like, I tried I've spoken to 20 sellers and they all said no to my offer. And then I asked them, "How did you position yourself and how did you present the deal?" And I'm going to get into how to actually overcome these biases, right? How how what people get wrong. So, this is essentially why vendor financing doesn't work. So here's two elements to a powerful position. How you and your team your so you and your team's reputation and how you deliver. So you don't necessarily need a team but a team is there for reputation. So if you're just some random like like me, I was unemployed. I was young, 25 years old. That was only 3 years ago, but young guy, no job, no money, no name. I don't have a reputation. So when people see and hear me, they're just like, "You're just some kid." But as I said, if I have a team behind me, my reputation changes dramatically. All right, so this is why I I highly recommend building a team. And then ultimately, how you deliver. So where do I put it? Okay, I'll put it I've got it later. How you deliver is all about how you present the deal, right? So, and a lot of people don't know how to present a vendor financing deal. They they just go, "Oh, I'm going to give you a vendor financing deal." And when most sellers hear vendor financing, they're going to turn away. They're going to be like, "Fuck off. Just [ __ ] off." So, what do I mean by team? So, that's the first thing. What do I mean by team? Partners or a board of directors? This is your reputation, expertise. This is how I want you to build your team. You either get partners. So, this is what Christian did. Christian got equal partners in his business, 33% for everyone. 33.33 whatever percent he had a CEO and a CFO. These are worldclass professionals that he reached out to cold contact on LinkedIn. LinkedIn LinkedIn if I if I'm not giving it away already. That is how you find people or a board of directors. Right? So my my team, this is my board of directors, right? This is the team I'm talking about. How do you actually get them on board? So if I'm not paying them a salary or remember, we're doing no money down, right? If I'm not paying them a salary, if I'm not paying any money, how do I get them on board? This is the answer. Free founders equity. I'm just going to read this out to you. You issue shares to individuals who can provide you the credibility and the expertise to grow your company at a zerocost basis. They believe in your vision and execution enough to work with you effectively for free in hopes of a profitable outcome via profits, bonuses, exit value. Right? I'm blocking that. way. So, you're pitching you're pitching something to you're pitching an idea. This is like trying to get investors, but you're not getting any money from these people. You're just telling them, "Hey, I just want your reputation and expertise." Now, this is the recruitment process. This is the process that I teach in detail. I literally give what [ __ ] buttons to press, what to say at every step, how to set up a meeting, what to say in the meetings, the interview, right? Every part of this process, I teach in detail in my private community, the owners academy. Um, and by the way, I will be making an offer at the end for you guys today. A very special offer um that no one else is going to get. Um, so if you want to join the owners academy, you're going to get detailed um, coaching and course material around all these steps. So if you want to take a picture of that or if you want to write these downs down, this is exactly how you find people. These are the steps that you need to take to find and recruit people. Okay, positioning and presenting a deal. So I've just cut out a portion of the the flow that I showed earlier. You call, you get in contact with someone, you send them an executive summary. Now, this is the thing that most people don't ever do, sending an executive summary. And then the third element of it is actually making an offer. So, this is what I mean by positioning and presenting yourself. These are the contact points when you're positioning and presenting. So, I'm going to go through the the three elements. So, the first contact, right, is all about your mannerisms, the right questions, and steering the ship. If you don't present as a professional, no one's going to treat you like a professional. This is why I say wear a suit, use the right mannerisms, use the right terminology, right? And then formal establishment. What do I mean by formal establishment is actually writing putting something in writing, right? Why why are legal contracts in writing? It's because that is the formal way to do things, right? So, and if you've been if you work at a company, if you work at a big organization, your I bet your m if you have a good manager, if a good good organization, they're going to tell you to put things in writing, right? When you have meetings with a manager, with a team, they want you to put a summary, they want you to put meeting minutes in writing cuz this is what formalizes it. So here once you actually make contact once I make contact with a seller with an owner I always put something in writing and say hey we just spoke on the phone here's my executive summary right so every seller I give an executive summary right an executive summary is just an outline of me my company and what we're looking to do right and just a little bit of a formal breakdown of who who we are and then actually presenting the offer. So the third thing, how do we present the offer? The key thing is with them. If you've been in sales, you should know what this is. W I FM? What's in it for me? Sorry, I missed an I, but what's in it for me? This is how you should present every sale. If you if you want to get more of what you want in life, whether it's with your friends, your mom, dad, family, with your girlfriend or boyfriend, you want to start getting more of what you want. You start presenting things what's in it for them. So rather than saying, "Oh, I want this. I want that. I want this because of this, this, blah, blah, blah." You present something and say, "Hey, what do you think about this? This this would be good for you, wouldn't it?" Like you you you would make a lot more money doing this, wouldn't you? Hey, you would you would enjoy this, wouldn't you? Right? That's what's in it for me. So, not why they shouldn't do something, right? You should always present why they should. Be a [ __ ] professional. So, I'm going to be talking about the thing that most people get wrong after I sip some of my delicious Voss water. By the way, Voss water is the best water. I don't know why else what else what kind of water you would drink. Cheers to the Norwegians for coming up with this genius idea. Glass bottle. Anyway, what do I mean by be a [ __ ] professional? I'm going to give two examples. I'm I'm not going to explain what being a professional is. I'm going to give you two examples. On the left hand side here, you have Rampage Jackson. Mr. Quentin. Mr. Quentyn Jackson. If you don't know who he is, he's a former fighter, professional fighter, and now he does [snorts] streaming, right? He's a he's a streamer. He's joined the kids and he started to stream his day-to-day life um of him doing [ __ ] right? The reason why I put him is just because he's the most recent example. Um but there was a clip of him that I saw where someone walked up to him to ask for a photo, right? He got the photo. But what the reason why it became a clip is because this person walks up behind Rampage and he goes, "Can I take a photo with you?" There was no hello. There was no, "Hey, my name is Josh." There was no, "Hey, I appreciate what you do. I follow you. I've seen you. I've seen you streaming. I enjoy your fights." There was nothing. It was just, "Can I take a photo with you? right? That that's not how you present and introduce yourself to people, right? And this is how most people treat business owners. They go, "Hi, uh my uh that might not even introduce themselves." They go, "Hi, are you looking to sell your business?" And that's that's that's why would anyone ever sell to you? You didn't even bother asking their name, asking anything about their business, asking anything about their numbers, their team, what they want to do, right? There was no rapport being built. There was no relationship. They just went straight for the ask. And I feel like it's a lot more prevalent in the younger generation. So my generation, right? It's very prevalent in my generation where we're just so used to screens. We're just so used to quick quick quick quick quick communication that we just go hey I'm going to talk about this in the next example in on the right hand side but people don't know how to introduce and just pace themselves again right as I said how to be a professional you introduce yourself you get the other person's name and you find get a little bit more context establish a relationship right I'm sure every celebrity has gone through this right well there's a paparazzi right who don't even ask to take photos they just take photos But people who walk up to you in the street and who don't even introduce themselves like, "Whoa, back up." Right? What does Just think about it. If you were a celebrity and people just walk up to you and go, "Yo, take a photo with me." Right? What how would you feel about that person? So, this is what I want you to think about when you're approaching sellers, approaching bankers, right? Talking to professionals. on the right hand side here. This is, you know, a guy trying to pick up a girl, getting a number, denied, right? Why is she not giving you her number? And I've we've got a few ladies in here, you know, why do you not give your number out to guys, you know, it's not because they're ugly or they're they're not funny or whatever, right? But one thing I see a lot in the in the community in this pickup space, right? Or one thing I see a lot with the younger people, they just go, "Oh, hi. Can I have your number? The same same thing with the with the picture thing. Like why would you go up to a girl or a person and just ask, "Can I get your number? Where's your name? Where's getting their name?" Asking about them developing a relationship. Right? Develop a relationship. That is the key to being a good professional. Um, if you guys want to see this in a little bit more action, there's one guy I recommend you watch. His name is Ryan Sirant. You might have heard of him before. He's a real estate guy, right? Ryan Sirant. S E R H A N T. You can check him out. Great sales and real estate stuff. He talks a lot about building relationships. I'm not going to hop on that for any longer. Hope you get the point. Here's a little example why I say wear a suit, right? Who are you going to trust more? The person on the left or the person on the right? Like if someone was to approach you randomly in the street and you had to give them your phone, your wallet for whatever reason, you had to hand them your child, who would you trust more? You know, someone just in jeans and a shirt, or someone that looks like a professional, who looks like they have money, who looks like they're trustworthy, right? [laughter] And I understand the these are just stock photos that I had to find, right? But on a on a typical basis, right, when I'm walking down the street in my casual clothes versus when I'm walking down the street in my three-piece suit, I the the the looks I get, the compliments I get, the conversations I have are worlds apart. If I'm just in my hoodie in my in my trackies, in my tracksuit pants, people just treat me like a normal person. But when I'm in a suit and I've got my hair done, I've got everything all nice. I get VIP service everywhere I go. Right? It's a subconscious thing. You might not believe it. You might have you might have been deluded by people who say, "Ah, billionaires are the ones who work who who work in pajamas, right? People in suits work for billionaires." That is not the case in real life. That maybe that's social media, that's social media virality, but in real life, if you talk to someone in the suit versus someone casual, it's worlds apart. Okay, so first contact, I've realluded to this. Introduce yourself. When you talk to a seller, these are the things you want to cover off. You want to get you want to introduce your name, your company, your position, and your gender. So, as an example, hi, my name is Josh. I'm the founder of JC Health Group. I am acquiring companies. Uh I currently own several clinics in this area and I'm currently growing via acquisition. Have you ever thought about selling? That's how I'd introduce myself. The questions I want to ask revenue, profit, asking price at a minimum. These are the minimum things that you want to ask from a seller. Revenue, profit, asking price. Right? Because if you don't know the revenue and profit, you don't know how to base the base the purchase price. [snorts] All right? One question I get a lot, how do I convince someone to sell their business to me? You don't convince people to sell their business, right? To my point about, you know, why would someone accept a vendor financing deal? You, it doesn't matter. And you're not here to convince people. You're trying to find a what? Motivated seller. So a motivated seller is going to give you the three years financial statements, corresponding tax returns, and a revenue breakdown of their company. Revenue breakdown of these financial years, right? And this is what you ask. These are three sets of items that you ask from a seller when you're looking to make an offer. So before you make an offer, you want to get these items at a minimum. Now, presenting the deal. Everyone got this, by the way. Three years financials, corresponding tax returns, revenue breakdown. Presenting the deal. What is the most powerful negoti negotiation tactic in the world? I have alluded to this several times in my other material, and that is to walk away. This is the hardest thing for a lot of my clients and students to do. Walk away from the deal. The reason why you're so attached to a deal is because you don't have enough deals on the table. Right? I don't care if I lose my deals. I I've made a post about this before. I lost a $3 million deal. It was a great deal. $3 million deal. I was super excited for it and I lost it. Right. But I don't care. Well, I did care, but I don't care because I had a dozen other deals on the table that I was ready to pursue, right? And you can only walk away comfortably from a deal when you do enough deals. So, when it comes to finding deals, you have to find enough deals. You have to do the numbers. And I've already shown you the the lead scraping thing before, right? Scrape as many deals as you can and get as many deals on the table as possible. So, when you're talking to a seller and they're saying, "Oh, I want this and this. I don't I don't want to sell for that price." You're not convincing them of anything, you want to find someone who wants to get out of the business. And don't be afraid to walk away. Now, so this is so I hope you get the picture of how to source deals. So, I've shown you how to source deals, right? And now I've shown you how to pitch and present yourself, right? Sourcing deals, using the free tools that you have available, using the bloody internet for what it should be used for, pitching and presenting, right? How to position yourself using a team, using credibility, using other people's reputations, and then how to present yourself, how to position yourself as an individual, right? Communicating clearly. communicating clearly, wearing a professional attire. Right? These are the this is 80% of the work. Now, I'm going to show you how to structure deals. And it is so simple, you're probably going to shoot me. You're probably going to want to feel like you want to shoot me. I'm going to show you three deal structures. I'm going to show you three deal structures that I myself or guys in my network have personally used to close deals. So the first thing I call the vanilla pop. The reason why I call it the van vanilla pop is the most easiest stock standard deal that you can do with vendor financing. And I've even gone to the liberty to appease to you uh mathematicians to you accountants who like formulas. I've used my big brain and conjured a formula for you. So I divided by 1.5 times time. Let me explain this. Ibidar. Do you guys know what Ibidar is? Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, amotization, right? So basically net profit before tax and interest and all that [ __ ] Net profit divided by 1.5. Why 1.5? Does anyone know why 1.5? Because 1.5 is the minimum DSCR, debt service coverage ratio. So, let's say you have a million dollar a million dollar net profit. You divide that by 1.5. What do you get? You get about $666,000, right? That's one. That's how much you can afford to pay in debt service. That's what is meant by debt service coverage ratio. And then multiply that by time. What I mean by time in years. Time in years. So let's say in this example, a million, you can start working this out on your calculator, on your notes. A million divided by$ 1.5 times five. What do you get? That's your purchase price. And this is how you would present it to the seller. You say, "Hey, I will pay you whatever that purchase price was." So if you if you guys I don't have a calculator in front of me. If you guys can do that, you know, 666,000* 5, what do you get? You say, "Hey seller, I'm going to pay you this much over 5 years, and I'm going to pay you 666K per year." And divide that by 12, you get per month. Right? So, this is called the vanilla pop because it's so easy. It's so stock standard. All it is is a purchase price deferred over time. the vanilla pot. This is the easiest way to do it. Do a vendor financing deal. And this is actually how I did my first deal, my first no money down deal to launch my company. This was the vanilla bot. This one is a bit of an interesting one. You might be like, "What the fuck?" Um, it's called the pension plan. The pension plan. 99 years or until death. times IBIDA slash uh divided by 1.5. So this was uh devised by my friend Elliot. Um just in this screenshot if you can see it. Uh 100% seller finance, 99-year term pension plan. So $350,000 a year in payments in debt payments until the owner's death and 1% equity in our overhead company. So the company did 1.5 million in revenue and 500k in profit in IBIDA net profit. So 350K is 1 is um $500,000 divided by 1.5 you should get 350K I believe if my my rough math is not mistaking me. All right. So and he's just rinsed and repeated that with all of his deals. Um, as you can see at this bottom, offered almost 40 of these so far. All of these are signed in the last week. Nothing else signed yet. More soon, though. So, he had out of 40 out of 40 offers that he made, three of them got signed. All right. So, this is what I mean by volume. Volume, finding enough deals and presenting properly, right? Presenting properly so people actually take you seriously. Cuz when you when you look at this deal, like you're just like, "What? What do you mean?" 99 years or until death like that. That that's kind of ridiculous, right? But you just you just shoot your shot. You shoot your shot. So, this is called the pension plan. This one is probably the one that I've been coming to really love. It's called the Hallelujah. I call it the Hallelujah. Here's where you value a business at 3 to five times IBIDA. So whatever the um Ibidar is and then you multiply by 3 to 5 whatever range you want to do and then you do interestonly payments for 3 to 10 years. So up to you. So again, this is the reason why I put ranges is so you can structure it to whatever fits the business, whatever fits your industry, whatever fits the market rates, right? So again, um, vendor finance deals are typically above market rate, right? So if people are usually paying three times, maybe you'll offer this guy four times and interest only. Once you get that final number, you pay interest only for a certain amount of time. Usually I would say 3 to 10 years is a good good time frame. Uh my friend Cam did 10 years does 10 years for a lot of his deals. And then balloon payments. So you can either fit balloon payments throughout the interestonly periods or at the end. Does that make sense? Right. So you have a purchase price, you you pay interest only on that price. So let's say you know the the standard rates out there are 8%. You might you might offer like, hey, I'll pay you 9% interest on this on this price, right? So, you're paying interest only. And then balloon payments are lumpsum payments that you can afford to pay the seller at certain intervals, right? So, you can either do it at the all at the end, which is what my friend Cam did. All right? So, he did a deal where I'll show you later, um, where he paid the balloon at the end. So, as you can see, so these are only three deal structures so far. Only three. And there are hundreds of ways you can structure a no money down vendor finance deal, right? There's so you can you can get so flexible and creative with it. These are only three and you can probably only use these three to start closing deals and you probably figure things out for yourself. The most important thing I want you guys to understand is free cash flow must cover debt service. Free cash flow divided by debt service is your DSCR. That's how you calculate DSCR. All right? So, this is this applies more to bank lending. Right? You're going to have to get really good at this formula presenting this when you're getting money from the banks. But this is something for your reference. 1.5 plus. This is the minimum floor that you want, right? Minimum. You don't want to go lower than that because chances are you're going to [ __ ] up the business and you're not going to have enough cash to to operate the business and you're going to have to call declare bankruptcy. Which is why I also say build a team. If you don't know what you're doing, get people who do. And also why I say find a business that doing a million dollars or more in revenue, right? and has a a a workforce of at least four or more people. But otherwise, when it comes to the numbers side of things, 1.5 plus for a deal structure for a DSCR. Okay, we just went through literally just went through how simple was that guys? How simple was it to understand this process? How to buy companies using 100% vendor finance in 90 days or less. I've given you the first principle, volume. find enough deals and I've shown you how to find the deals. Two, positioning. How do you present properly, right? Building a team, right? Saying the right things, wearing the right attire, and then pitch. What's in it for me? I've alluded to this earlier on in my slide, like why would people accept a vendor finance deal? I've given you the serious reasons why, right? People are going to get more cash. People are going to get it might be more tax friendly. Rather than getting a lump sum payment, they're getting payment over time. and a fast closing rather than waiting on the banks to give me money. We can just close this deal now right with them. What's in it for me? This is Cam BDC. And as I said, I'll tell you what that stands for. BDC stands for Big Dick Cameron. The reason why I call him Big Dick Cameron is because he closed two deals in 23 bloody days. Who do you know that has closed two deals in 23 days? No one. This is my guy. My guy 100%. And both deals were done 100% vendor finance. He wouldn't have been able to do this with bank financing. So, if you're in the States, if you're trying to do SBA financing, you're never going to close a deal in 23 days. But you can with vendor finance. Now his deals he did interest only for 10 years and then balloon payments at year three and year 10. Right? So quite literally what I showed you with the hallelujah, right? Interestonly payments for 10 years to the seller, monthly payments and then a balloon payment. What does a balloon payment mean? Um I will have to find out for you in a minute. But it was a portion. It was a portion of the price, right? It was a portion of the price of what he could afford, whether it was saving up money in the business or getting a loan from the bank to fund that balloon, but by year 10, he paid out the rest of the money. So, you can see this little screenshot here. I just closed two deals. The combined stats, 58k or 58k profit, $1.75 million purchase price, and a 550k over finance. What? What this over finance means is he got $500,000 from the banks in a working capital loan after he closed these deals. So as he closed these deals on a vendor finance, no money down, he at the same time he was talking to the banks and said, "Hey, I want $500,000 as a working capital loan for these businesses." Right? So, he was able to acquire two assets, no money down, and get $500,000 from the banks that he could spend on whatever the [ __ ] he wants. So, this is the power of vendor financing. Um, here's my first deal. This is the the seller of my first clinic. Um, his name is David. I went through four failed deals, right? So, I spent a lot of time working on these deals. And the reason why I say you have to build up your deal pipeline, right? I went through four failed deals. I went through a thousand cold calls, up to a thousand cold calls to sellers to this was a combination of sellers, bankers, people, right? A,000 cold calls and I ended up closing this guy. 100% vendor finance, 7 years, 4% interest, monthly principal and interest. So, this was my uh vanilla pop, my vanilla pop model where it was just a purchase price. Here's an interest, and here's the time frame that I want to pay you over. And that was my first deal. Now, I'm going to show you a little bit of a case study. You know, this is my client, my most recent client, Jai Kingston. Um, you can go find him and stalk him on LinkedIn if you want, but he launched his company, King Vets. King Vets. He's in Australia like me. Um, so he's focused on the vet the veterary industry, right? Buying buying up vet clinics, consolidating them, and in 5 10 years time, he's going to exit for hundreds of millions of dollars. Jai Kingston, founder of Kingvets. So, he launched with no knowledge of the industry or any experience in finance, right? He had no idea what he was doing. He comes from an analytical overthinking IT background. But when he started working with me, he he just learned to shut the [ __ ] up and just take action, right? Most people who get into this are just like, "Oh, but this doesn't make sense. Like, why would this person do this? Why would this happen?" You know, why would this number doesn't make s just focus on the next steps in front of you and just keep walking and figure it out as you go. He ended up building his board of directors in 30 days. Right now, he's got over 12 deals currently active, right? And he just recently held his first board meeting, which I was in attendance. He did very well, to approve and review the deals that he's working on. Um, and now he's initiating the close of his first deal. Ever since we started working, his communication, leadership, and social skills have elevated through the [ __ ] roof. Right. So he is IT background, analytical overthinking background, right? And now he's in the world of dealm. He's a different person now. And all of this was done in 3 months. So to my point about taking action and being not being afraid to face your insecurities and you're willing to change, right? The only way you're going to get this done, the only way for you to execute the model that I've just showed you is if you take action. So all of this was done in 3 months. And the reason why, so before I get into the reason why, if you do want to work with me, one-on-one tail advisory starts from 18K, you can DM me on Instagram or Telegram, whatever you use, you can just DM me. My handles are there. Official Josh Lee on Instagram. The Josh Lee on Telegram. If you want one-on-one tail advisory, doesn't matter where you are in the world, I'll be able to work with you. And I've got people probably where you are who can meet with you and help you and coach you and you'll get access to my private community as well. But the reason why Jai was successful is something I want to talk about. Passive verse active risk. Right? This is a quote from Brendan Bard or Bard. He's a high performance coach. He says, "I coach four billionaires. Their number one trait is assertiveness. They assert themselves into situations because they believe they'll figure it out. All right? So, this is a concept of deciding at 60%. And then figuring it out as you go because there is never a perfect moment. When I started my journey, right, I I quit my job and I I became unemployed to pursue this thing. I had no savings. I didn't have any idea as to how I was going to make money, how I was going to stay alive, how I was going to feed myself, right? I just said, I kind of know what I'm doing. I'm just going to do it. I quit my job and I went into this balls deep, balls to the wall, pedal to the metal, and just did it. Right? And this is this is what most why most people will never succeed as entrepreneurs is because you can't decide at 60%. Right? This is the reason why I mentioned the analytical IT background is most engineers, accountants, lawyers, you need to understand 100% before you take action. But the greatest entrepreneurs, the most wealthiest people in this world, all decide at 60%. You just got to know enough to move forward. Right? There's never going to be enough money to save. There's never going to be a perfect time. You just need to move forward. I've already given you the 60% that you need to know to move forward. All right, let's go back to this pop quiz. Bit of fun now. So, I've got I've just rambled for the last I don't know close to two hours. I've spat out a lot of [ __ ] Well, not [ __ ] but I call everything [ __ ] I spat out a lot of [ __ ] You guys have hopefully been taking a lot of notes. I've given you all the answers to these questions throughout the presentation. Now, I want you guys to start telling me in the chat. Answer to question one. What is the minimum DSCR I recommend? Juanita, come on. 1.5. 1.5 exactly easy. Now, next question. How much money do you need to buy a company? We should all know this. 0 0 Yes. Yes. Yes. Thank you very much. Glad you're paying attention. Now, what's the best way to find deals? I I like that. Namir off market scraper deals. Exactly. Go off market. Avoid the brokers. Right. find deals yourself. Put in the elbow grease. Like quite literally the elbow grease of picking up the phone. And I know nowadays you can [ __ ] you've got the AirPods and you've got all the It's so easy. It's so easy. I don't know why people don't do it. Anyway, question four. What's the best deal negotiation tactic? Best deal negotiation tactic? Walking away. Yes. whiff that that is not what I what I was alluding to but whiff is whiff is uh something that I was hopping on about but no the best deal negotiation tactic right so that that's presentation what you guys are talking about is presentation how do how do you actually present a deal it's you present what's in it for me but when you're negotiating when you're negotiating a deal when when people are trying to play ball right when people are trying to argue hey I think you should Um, no. I want money up front. I I want this in the deal. What's the best thing you can do is walk away. Walk away. Just don't don't be afraid of that because I already showed you there are thousands if not tens of thousands hundreds of thousands of businesses across every single industry that you can approach to buy. Right? If a hundred my friend Jason actually the one in radiology he the he is infamous infamous for half the market not wanting to talk to him right half the market didn't want to talk to him because of how much of an [ __ ] he was but he still had half the market who was willing to do business with him right so it doesn't matter it doesn't matter if half the market doesn't want to talk to you cuz you still got the other half so this is what I mean about walking away don't be afraid to walk away. He still made $200 million even though half the market hated him. Right now, I think uh the question that I didn't talk too much on about, but I did mention, what are the three sets of items you should get before making an offer? Namir, shut up. You're giving away all the answers. What are the three sets of items you should get before making an offer? So, yes, three years financial statements, three years tax returns. for corresponding tax returns, right? So, if someone's willing to give you their tax returns, it means they're willing to dulge their business and say, "Hey, yep, look, curtain curtains unveiled. I want to I want to I want to sell my business." They're motivated to sell, right? And then you want to see the revenue breakdown. The reason why you want to see the revenue breakdown, let's say in particular the in the healthcare industry, the clinical healthcare industry, I want to see how involved the owner is in that business, right? Because let's say I'm buying a clinic and there's five practitioners. One of those practitioners is the the owner. I want to see if the owner is earning, you know, how much how much of the revenue is the owner earning? And that's also going to dictate a term in the deal. And one thing I didn't cover off in this uh presentation is one thing to consider is if the owner is involved in the business, you want to keep them in the business. Yeah. So you want to tie them to the business depending on how involved they are. So it could be it could be 6 months all the way through to 5 years. Right. I've got two guys in Canada um two brothers, the Mateo brothers, um French speaking Canadians. They bought a trucking company and they kept the guy on for 5 years. Okay. Seems like you guys have learned a lot. I hope you guys have learned a lot and I hope you guys have been taking lots of notes. You've been able to answer these five questions. So, you must have learned a lot. Now, as I promised, I am going to make a special offer to you guys. Um, I've already mentioned this already. the owners academy. This is my private community, right? So, everything that you guys learned today, this is only the tip of the iceberg. I've spent an hour and a half talking about vendor financing, but the owners academy goes into detail as to the whole process, right? So, the whole process that I I'm alluding to is this. And even this is only a snapshot of the acquisition process. So, if you missed if you missed your chance to take a picture of this, you can take a picture of this now. I'll move out of the way if you want. Make sure you're following this process when you're buying companies. And I couldn't even fit it all into this slide, but I break it down even further. Every step here has nuanced steps to take, right? and I coach you through the owners academy through every single step of the process. All right, so if you liked u what you saw today and how simple I broke it down, I do that for every aspect of the business. Um now these are just some examples of the guys in the group. Um so recently one of my one of my one of my boys Rey, he visited the Rolls-Royce dealership, you know, getting comfortable getting comfortable in the Rolls-Royce sitting there. You can see the stars in the ceiling. Um, but look, I'm I'm here to help my guys 20 basically 24/7. Anytime there's a question, anytime there's a problem, no matter what stage of the process you're at, you can always come to the group, right? You can always come to the owners academy and pose the question. So, here we're talking about um some board like how to build your team, like what what questions to ask. Um, here we've got one of the members who actually had a call with another member and they they just shared their notes to everyone. Right? So, this is probably the I think this is probably the most valuable thing. It's not even the course itself, right? Like I I give you a full course, but I don't even think it's a course that it's the knowledge that people need cuz it's the process is very simple. To buy a company is very simple. I've already shown you the elements of a deal is only like four parts, right? But the reason why people don't succeed with this is because they don't stick with this [ __ ] long enough. They don't know, they can't stay focused. They don't have the accountability of a group, of a team, of someone like me who's going to kick them up, kick them up the ass on a weekly basis, right? So, I I tell my guys all the time like, if you have problems, you reach out to me and I'm going to help you as soon as possible and I usually reply in within 24 48 hours. Um, so this is everything you get in the owners academy, by the way. step-by-step course, in-depth material, it's structured learning, you get a like-minded community. As I said, these are guys all around the world. And here are the two most important things in my opinion, accountability and live coaching, right? To make the process work to for you, sorry, to work the process, you you as a person to do the work, I think it's accountability. If you're just sitting there by yourself and you walk away from this presentation today and you don't do anything, that's on you, right? Or if you do something, maybe two weeks down the track, you're going to forget about it. That that's what typically happens with every [ __ ] seminar or webinar. You know, people chase courses, people chase these events because they feel like they're productive. I hope you've been taking notes for one, but you know, you've taken all these notes, you're feeling productive, but then in two weeks time, are you actually going to do anything about it? So, the owners academy is here to help keep you accountable to your goals, right? And there's live coaching. So, I do a lot of these live sessions on a regular basis. And as I've alluded to as well, you can reach out to me anytime as an owner academy member. You have direct access to me, right? So today, you guys have access to me because you've signed up, you've showed up, you're investing time into this. You're giving me your attention, which I thank you for. So you get access to my wisdom and my knowledge, and I'm going to go into Q&A later. So if you have any questions and you want to go into a little bit more detail on certain aspects, we're going we're going to go into that. Um, but look, I'm I'm here to help my guys, right? And that that's I think the last two points are the most important. So today, if you do want to pick it up, you can scan this QR code. Um, it'll take you straight to the academy page where you can kind of see some reviews. Um, you can see what we're all about. And today it's only $18.88. So, we've recently just increased the price to join to 2500 live only. Just on this session, you're going to get it for $18.88. Um, only through this link though. So, only through this link. And you know what? I'm going to grab I'm going to grab the link for you guys in the chat as well if you guys uh want to hop into this fastest way to your your next closed deal with people who are actually doing it. I know some of you guys might be familiar with people like Cody Sanchez, Ben Kelly and Aaron Sansony, Roland Frasier. I've got guys in my network right now who've paid for their stuff who say your stuff is 10 times more practical and I actually get access to you to me Josh Lee right if you buy Cody Sanchez's stuff it's hard to get in touch with her if you buy Roland Fraser's stuff it's hard to get in touch with him it's hard to get in touch with the actual coach who's supposed to be coaching you but that's the reason why I've set up the owners academy once you join I will actually personally me myself on my phone I will reach out to you and say and ask you questions about your situation so I can give you a tailored plan. I don't think anyone else is going to do that for you in the acquisition space because for some reason everyone in the acquisition space is so high and mighty Mr. Finance Mrs. finance. I don't have time for for you students, for you peasants, right? But look, I I started this when I was unemployed. And this is something I started I started because I wish I had when I started, right? I didn't I had to learn all this stuff by myself, right? I I had to go through a really rough grind to get to where I am today. And I'm This is why I'm distilling my wisdom to you guys because all of the stuff that I teach is practical, all through personal experience. So you can scan the QR code or hit the link in the chat if you want to join the owners academy. Um and once you do join you'll get access to the private telegram, the private group where you can talk to all the guys in the owners academy and I will reach out to you personally and we can work out a private plan. Right? So this is not only a community but it's coaching. Like I I will coach you on a day-to-day basis however you need. You can get results like my other guys I've just showed you before. you know, Big Dick Cam, Elliot with the 99 pension plan, Jai Jai Kingston's one of my success stories right now. He, as I said, the reason why he was able to work is because he paid me the money. He took it seriously. He took it seriously and he took action. That's the most important thing. I think if you were to walk away walk away from this and you treat this as a free webinar, I've got all my notes and you're just it's there's no investment. You're not emotionally invested. But if you put some money down, right, you you put some value to it. So I I've got people that are paying me $10,000, $20,000 and they haven't done nothing because they don't care, right? They're making 30, 50k a month. they're comfortable and they've they've given me yeah Josh here's 10 20k and they're doing nothing right so I could have priced this a lot differently but I think the audience out there who wants to get into this this is a very accessible price for most people it's up to you to take action at the end of the day and this is a lifetime membership by the way so yeah multiply this or divide this by however long you think you're going to live that's that that's your that's your vendor finance vendor financing value. Uh this is a USD price USD price. Uh but it is lifetime membership. Um the reason why I'm not putting a 12 month access to it is or you know limited access to it is because the whole point of the owners academy is for you to do deals for you to do to do deals and elevate into a higher position. Right? So you're no longer an employee, a student, unemployed. you've actually got a business or businesses that are paying you and you've got some wealth to your name and now you can start doing bigger things. And I've got a another network um that is not paid. It's it's just a network of us guys and gals who have deals and we're just business owners and we shoot the [ __ ] We we talk to each other. We tell each other, you know, developments in our industries, in our countries. Um so the whole point of the owners academy is an academy, right? You're here to learn. you're here to execute and how you how you graduate from the academy is to do a deal. That's the incentive for me. I don't care about the money here that you pay me. This is more for you. This is an investment for you. And the goal is for you to actually graduate to do a deal. Um the link is there in the chat so you guys can access that whenever. If you've got the code, scan the code. But let's get into some Q&A. So, if you're not shy, please hop on the mic. I don't mind. Um, but if you are shy, then go for it on the chat. I'm happy to answer whatever questions, whatever questions you might have about this topic in particular. And yes, there are such thing as stupid questions. Irrelevant questions will also not be answered. Okay. Does it make sense to hire an SDR to do initial outreach after building lists? What's an SDR? Sales development? No. Do them yourself. Don't. And don't hire people to build lists. I've tried that. I've tried Fiverr and those things to build lists. They give me [ __ ] And there's a lot of people who will give you AI lists. And these AI lists, half the businesses are fake, right? So do them yourself. do do the thing that I showed you, the go on Google, go on Google um do the the Pokeball instant data scraper thing and call them yourself. Go through Apollo, [clears throat] find the contact details yourself and call them yourself because going back to my point about the professionalism, right? You want to establish the relationship. You want the seller to know you. So rather than then talking to a minion like a like some some dude you hire, right? They're actually talking to the founder like, "Oh [ __ ] the CEO just called me." Right? That's the impression you want to make. Like, oh, the CEO just called me. Um, connect to the look like a real private equity firm approach. Um, you don't want to look, that's an interesting point, you don't want to look like a private equity firm. The reason why these sellers will actually go to you use your personality as an advantage, right? Private equity will offer you the money, but they will they won't offer you the brand and the personality. Like um I I wish I could have got Jai Jai here today, but Jai is in the vet industry that's heavily dominated by private equity. And a lot of the owners say to Jai like, "Hey, I really appreciate the fact that I'm talking to you, the founder, and not some private equity mob." All right? So, it's a lot of sellers, especially these traditional businesses, they they value they value legacy. They value someone who's going to take look after their business, not just someone who's going to cut cost, fire people, and just change the business, right? the like these people who have grown their business over 10, 20, 30 years, they value legacy. Um so yes, do do the outreach yourself because that's that's really important. Um you actually uh what's it called? Developing the relationship yourself. Um, data axle. I think I've heard of that. But whatever you can, whatever you can use, whatever data platforms you can use to get a company name, the owner's name, their email, and the address, use them. And LinkedIn is LinkedIn is such a good tool. LinkedIn is my like is LinkedIn was built for this. You can build your team with it. You can hire people with it. And you can also find company owners with it, right? So, LinkedIn's easy and it's free. Um, how would you recommend building a board, hunting money, hunting deals while still working on a regular job? Uh, I would do it in my lunch break and I would do it after work. [snorts] It's very very achievable, right? So, if if you did the thing that I did, quit my job to go do this full-time, then you you have obviously a lot more time and effort that you can put into the process. But if you're still working a job right now, a 9 to5, you got to pay the bills, you got to put money on the table, you got to put food on the table, you got to pay the mortgage, the rent, that's that's completely fine. You can you can still do this. Like if you spend half an hour during your lunch break um building up a list, right? Going on to Google, doing the thing, finding contact details, putting them on a sheet, and then after work, after 5:00, you maybe you stay behind at the office and you're just making calls. You make calls for an hour or two, stay behind at the office, or you just go home, you know, make dinner and call people at 7:00 p.m. Call people at 7:00 p.m., 8:00 p.m. Because most business owners, uh, you'd be surprised at the hours that the business owners work, right? Like even myself, I started this at 7:30 a.m. It's 9:23 a.m. for me now, right? So, I started early early morning before business hours, right? So, just just pick up the phone and call. And one thing I like to do is harass. I I harass every lead that I have. I will call them like five times a day. So you um your time is going to be limited. Just to answer your question, your time is going to be limited, but it's very possible, very doable. Um is building a board needed to get a deal with seller financing or can I build a mini board? Uh with what I showed today in particular, you it's very possible without uh a board. So you can you can just build a mini board like Christian, right? Christian, that's why I showed Christian. He was my example. Um he he got two guys, a CEO and a CFO. He got two guys, world-class people to join his company and he he just he used that as his like credibility, right? Um, but I I would always recommend building a board because it just it's the subconscious perception. So when you're the whole thing about the suit, right? You know, casual clothes versus suit. And if I was to present to you, hey, you know, I've got a board of directors, you know, as a small business owner who doesn't have a board of directors, they're like, oh, okay, this guy, this guy's like someone or something. I'm I'm curious. So, it's up to you. I I but I do recommend building a team at the very minimum of you know two three people like a mini board a mini board is fine. How do you balance the don't look like P with the board your company name etc. Like when you introduce yourself to other found doesn't that smell like Peter Fox? Uh energy man energy. When when I talk to people on the phone well I talk to people on the phone I send them my summary and oftent times I push for a meeting. I push for a meeting either through video or in person. Right? So over the video, they're going to see me and I'm gonna I'm gonna make it I just don't sound and smell like PE. Like when when you I don't know if you've ever dealt with private equity, there's a certain smell to private equity. But like the fact that you've never been in business before, you don't have the industry experience and prefer preferably that you don't have the business experience. People can tell, right? people can tell and you make you make it you make I I explicitly say it to people who are skeptical. I say, "Hey, I'm not a large corporation or a u private equitybacked or venture capital backed company." Like, this is me. This is my ambition, my dream. I built this with my own two hands. I say that. I say that to people and I say, "Hey, these people on my board, I recruited them myself. These are people that I reached out to. I hand selected myself." In some industries, it actually doesn't matter too much. Um, like a lot of times in construction, in like the blue collar industries, they don't really care. But in healthcare, they care a lot. Like I I get a lot of these like doctors and medical practitioners who are like, "Oh, so tell me about your team? How did you find your team? Why did you build your company?" Like, you know, who's funding you? Like, right? They they ask all the questions. And it it's beneficial to me because then I don't have to bring it up myself, right? I don't have to sell myself. They they're already asking me proactively and it's it's just in your relationship. It's in your relationship and your energy. Like you hear me talking to you now like am I do I sound like a stiff? Do I sound like you know I'm private equity like you know I'm I'm just a guy. I'm just a regular [ __ ] guy. So is it important for your board of directors to be in close proximity to you or can they across the US? In the USA you can you have a lot more flexibility. Same with the EU. It's fine if your guys are a little bit more spread out um because you guys have airports and train stations and all these transport um where people can travel very easily. Um in also in this day and age of video, right, Zoom like what we're on right now, um video calls, it's very easy to get in touch with people and keep people in the loop. Um, in the most recent board meeting with Jai Jai Kingston, uh, when we did our board meeting, two of our directors were interstate and they dialed in video. So, we were in our accountant's office and they had, you know, the the nice the nice fancy setup and with the tracking camera and everything. Um, so yeah, it's fine. It's fine if people are interstate. U, but I do personally, so my board I built, they were all all in my state, all within my uh, city. So, I I actually met them. I saw them eyeball to eyeball. I shook their hands. I personally like to do business that way. I'm a little bit old school like that. But it's not not mandatory for every director to be in person cuz you might find someone really good who's outside. Best industries to acquire businesses in your opinion. Uh healthcare is the best because healthcare has so many verticals and healthcare typically has good margins. So I'm in clinical healthcare, right? So you could look at hospitals, you could look at uh private hospitals, shortst stay hospitals. You could look at the lower end which is home health, home health care, um assisted living, that kind of stuff. Um other other industries that I like as well is [clears throat] logistics. So waste management and transport. So I've got guys in Canada that are in trucking. Uh Christian that I showed before, he's in waste management. So that's all logistics like moving things. Um, another one would be home services, landscape, uh, sorry, home and commercial services. So cleaning and landscaping, those are actually really good businesses to be in because they're very it's very easy to hire people because there's no like like in clinical healthcare, the doctors I need to hire need qualifications, right? It takes 10 years to be a [ __ ] doctor, right? So, it's not like I can just hire some random people, but in in landscaping, in you know, cleaning, you can just hire like an immigrant. Like you can hire some like African or Indian, right? I'm not being racist there, by the way. I'm just I'm [laughter] just speaking facts. Um, so those are some those are some industries that are really good to go in. healthcare, logistics, um was it uh service like prof not professional services like home commercial services, cleaning, landscaping, things like that. One rollup model I read about today, they got to 1 billion rev. They kept owners on and gave them large equity in the parent code. Do you recommend this? Yes. [snorts] Yes, I do. Keeping owners on and giving them equity in the parent company. Um, one thing I didn't share in this was when you're issuing when you're issuing equity in the parent company as as a sales tool, you can say to the seller, hey, I'm building a a large corporation. You can ride on the growth of us. Like, I can give you some equity in our company so you can ride on the growth. Um, you want to I'd say be careful with these people as well, especially when you're dealing with smaller businesses. say in in this example when it's a billion dollar company and they kept the owners on, it's because they know what they're doing, right? The owners know what they're doing and the people who bought them are like, "Well, if we lose the owners, we're probably going to lose a lot of value in what we just paid for." So, yes, I I do that. That's a that's a really good way to buy companies, actually keeping the owners on. As I've already mentioned this, right, it could be 6 months, 12 months, 3 years, um, and then issuing equity in the parent company. It's a really good model. Can you talk a bit about getting accountants, lawyers to work on deferred fees? You're only going to get accountants uh, and lawyers to work on deferred fees if you have the right positioning. So, one way to do that is building the board and the team, right? But even even without the positioning, let's say you do this yourself. Let's say you don't listen to what I say and you just do you just go out there by yourself. Okay, you're going to wear a suit at least. You're going to present. Well, um when you're signing the contract, when you're preparing the contract, you're going to need to get lawyers to do the work, right? The lawyers lawyers don't really need money up front. Usually, when they issue an invoice, it's 14, 30, 60 days to pay, right? So when you close the business, you can actually in parallel talk to the banks. You can talk to a bank and say, "Hey, um, I'm buying this company. I need $50,000 as a working capital loan when we settle." And that that's what, you know, Big Dick Cam did. He got $500,000. That's what I did with my my deal. I got a little loan from the bank, $30,000 to cover legal fees. Right? They're using bank financing to cover these fees. And if you do it right, if you talk to banks while you're buying the business, while you're going through due diligence, while you're setting up the contract, you should be able to set it up on day one. You can get that loan sent like that money sent into your account in under your name and then you can use that money to pay the lawyers and yes, warm up the money. Um, so yeah, that hope that answers your question. Healthcare is definitely good to scale up to get gov contracts and so on. Yes. So again, healthcare is such a big industry. There's so many different verticals. There's so many different initiatives um at the the the federal and the state level um or the federal and state level. There's there's so many grants and contracts that the government um can do um which is actually probably a lot more prominent in logistics. So waste management for example, waste management is really good for government contracts especially if the government is building a lot. Um have you explored using private capital providence to get the cash flow funding? I have. Um I so private lenders as I said are more expensive and have more stricter terms. So they're they're a good option if you can't get it from the banks. Um, but again with this model, we're doing vendor financing, right? So, we don't need we don't need the private capital or private investors. Um, but if you are using them, just just keep in mind that it's going to be a little bit more expensive. So, the interest rates going to be higher. Your debt service coverage ratio, remember that free cash flow over debt service. You're going to need to be a little bit more careful there. And the private investors, a lot of investors, a lot of investors, real real investors want to invest in tech and like those industries. Um there are very few people who want to get into traditional businesses and if they do, they want to do it themselves. Uh there aren't a lot of people who who are in this like you know six figure space, six figure lending space that will give you money to invest in your company. Um because they they'd rather just invest into stocks into stocks and property. Yeah, it's a lot more stable, right? And again, it's a numbers game. And in my model, you don't need private investors or private capital. But if you are going to use them, it's a numbers game. Use LinkedIn, use whatever and just start. You just got to pitch and present. Yeah, pitch and present and warm warm up the money. So, a big part of uh if you if you're familiar with a lot of my material, two concepts that I hop on about is get the [ __ ] money and get the [ __ ] deals. That should be your main job. You on a daily basis, you should be finding where's the money? Where can I get the money? Where can I get the deals? All right, that concludes the two hours. Um, we've gone a little bit over. We've got one more question. To the point about property stocks, why aren't more folks doing this type of thing? seems like a chance for way outsized returns on time money. It's because it takes work, man. So, this is this is my last question. It takes work, right? Property property is so streamlined and standardized. It's so easy to get into if you have money. If you have $250,000 to put down for a deposit, a bank is going to give you the money every single day of the week. And it's so easy to find a property to buy. It's quite easy to find tenants. It's quite easy to manage, right? Like you don't even need to do anything like that. You don't need need to do that much. But it's the returns. Yes, the returns are way more in business because in rental property, you're relying on the market. You're relying on the market to grow, right? You're relying on a million dollar property to become a $3 million property in 10, 20 years time. And that's 10 20 years for a $12 million return. Whereas with this, with businesses, you could buy a business and double it almost overnight, which is what I did with my first company. Like we bought it and we doubled it in 6 months. Exactly. Most people don't have that kind of discipline and time to be accountable, right? Accountable to their actions and consistently doing this. Consistently doing this. warming up the money, talking to people on a daily basis. Right? So, after this, I'm going to head over to one of my clinics. I'm going to be following up with all my deals. I'm going to be following up with the money. I'm going to be checking in on some of my bankers. I'm going to say, "Hey, how you going Christmas time? You're going to be going away. You're going to be ready for me to do some deals. You're going to be ready for me to give me some money, right? I'm going to be talking to a lot of people every sing and every single day. [sighs and gasps] Um, okay. This is a this is a good question from Rebecca and I will answer it, but no more no more [ __ ] questions. What happens when deals die and the team, accountants, lawyers have have put in work? Here's where we do delayed fees. Um, but also, this is why we only engage the professionals when we know we're going to do a deal. when when we know we're going to close the deal, that's when we go to the accountants and the lawyers. And how do you know that you're going to close a deal? Okay, if you don't know business, that's why you have a team, right? That's where you build the team around you. So you can say, "Guys, are we doing this or not?" Um, and also in my proper, if you do it the proper way, the full model, um, it is getting them on a delayed, rolled or deferred basis, right? to write that down. Delayed, rolled, or deferred basis. That's how you want them to work when you're doing this properly. But if you're going to go through with this what I just showed today, vendor financing, right? Vendor financing. You've you've gone through due diligence yourself. Remember what I said, quality of earnings. That's the most important thing. Quality of earnings. Once you find the quality of earnings and you're pretty you're pretty damn sure that the money's there, the money's going to be there, you want to close the deal. So you incorporate, you set up the accounts, you you make sure the terms, you make sure the seller, that's why the relationship with the seller is so super important. So they're not going to just walk away, right? So you you engage the professionals when you know you're going to close the deal. That's typically my rule of thumb. And look, everything's a risk, right? There's always a risk. If you cross the street today, you're going to get hit by a car. Yeah, there's always a risk. I'm I'm in Australia. DM me on Instagram if you got more questions. DM me on Instagram or Telegram. I've given you my my handles. I'm going to give you my handles here. Fish gosh Lee. That's Instagram and on te What the [ __ ] on Telegram. Guys, thank you for your time and energy and watching. I hope you guys learned a lot from this. Um, hope it was entertaining. I hope it wasn't boring. Hope you guys learned a lot. Hope you actually take action with this. So guys, um, feel free to reach out to me on Instagram or Telegram if you have any more questions, if you want to have if you want to join the owners academy, um, or if you just want to just want to share your situation, you want to get my insight on it, feel free. I'm I'm all these and I'm more than happy to distill my wisdom over to you because I wish I had people who would do that for me when I started. Um, so guys, have a blessed day, have a blessed night, have a good sleep wherever you are in the world. Thank you so much. I look forward to seeing you again perhaps on another live session or maybe in the owners academy. So, take care guys. It was a pleasure. Now, the question is, how do I stop this?


Guys, I have made a [ __ ] gazillion cold calls, emails, DMs across all the [ __ ] platforms. I have spammed the world with my name, my mission, my message. I've contacted so many different people from my healthcare company across my all the different things that I've done. And I'm going to share some game with you. share some real game about what I've learned contacting a gazillion [ __ ] on this planet. So, if you struggle with making cold calls, if you struggle with DMing people, if you struggle reaching out to strangers, asking for money, asking to get a deal done, then this video is perfect for you. If you don't know who I am, I am obviously obviously I am Josh Lee. I'm the youngest healthcare acquirer, no money down healthcare acquirer in Australia. Uh, facilitated over $100 million in deals and by the time I was 20 years old, I facilitated over $30 million in transactions while I was a banker. So, I know what the [ __ ] I'm talking about. Anyway, first thing I want to say is with outreach, with business development, with marketing, sales, advertising, no one [ __ ] cares, right? So, you're the only person who cares about who you're calling, what you're saying, all that [ __ ] That's you. All in your own head. As soon as you can get over yourself, right? Kill your own ego, kill your pride, and just do the thing. You're scared to make the calls. You're scared to send the emails simply because you don't have [ __ ] self-esteem. Like, you're scared about, oh, what's this person going to think about me? What what's this person going to say? What if they laugh at me? What if they reject me? That's horshit. Like, no one actually cares. Like, you can send a thousand [ __ ] emails and send another [ __ ] email to the same people a month later. They're not they're not going to remember your first email. So, no one actually cares about you, bro. So, don't don't be afraid to just [ __ ] make the call and make a fool of yourself, right? Cuz people forget people are living their own life. Like, you might see online that people are hating, people are doing whatever, and you think, "Oh, [ __ ] I don't want to be I don't want to be in the spotlight. I don't want people hating on me." Nothing to worry about, mate. Like most people couldn't give two shits about you, about what you're doing, what you think, what you care about. No one cares. The important thing is to shoot. And that brings me to my second point about more volume. You got to play the volume game. You know, I reach out to people five, six, seven, up to 10, 20 times. I don't care. I'm shameless. I'm shameless when it comes to calling, trying to get in touch with people because [ __ ] it, right? Like, I've got a business to build. I've got [ __ ] to do. I've got [ __ ] I want. I don't care what they what people think about me. Like, I don't care if you think I'm annoying. I don't care if you think that [ __ ] my tactics are cringe or whatever. Like, I'm trying to get to a result. I don't really care about what you think. You either give me the money or you don't. That's my philosophy. And you kind of get numb to this idea of what other people think of you when you just keep doing it, right? So I re I take it back a little bit when I first started in customer service and sales. Like I used to work in hospitality, right? [ __ ] selling coffees and muffins and food and [ __ ] right? Sitting people down, giving them a good positive experience. I used to struggle greeting people at the door and inviting them in to sit down, giving them a menu, asking them about themselves. Like I used to struggle to say, "Hi, like how are you? How you going? Please come in. Would you like a menu?" Like that's easy, right? But I used to struggle doing that. And then obviously you put in the reps. You put in the reps and you just get comfortable. And ultimately you just get to a point where you don't care. You don't care about what other people think and you just you will just shoot and and hit whatever. Like shoot hit something. If you didn't hit the target, re aim, re reenter yourself. But you just got to do more, you just got to do more and more and more and more. Because chances are if you're if you're not getting results and you're not getting clients, you're not getting deals, you're not getting the things you want, and you're the type to say that you're socially anxious, you are socially awkward, you don't do well with people, you get uncomfortable calling people, messaging them. Chances are you just haven't done it enough, right? Like I guarantee after your first hund you'll get you'll start to get numb. You'll start to get numb to this whole idea of like to your own [ __ ] insecurities and fears about what other people think. You just get over the nerves and anxiety. It's just volume. You have to beat yourself out of it. And I know nowadays the military is actually quite different, but the military like you go into the military, they beat you down. They beat you down by repetition, repetition, repetition, repetition. You just keep doing it. Keep beating your [ __ ] head until the [ __ ] leaves. And then once the [ __ ] leaves, you get all the new stuff, right? Like you beat the new stuff in over time and over so many reps that you just can't help but you have to throw [ __ ] out, right? Throw all the existing [ __ ] out and then take on the new stuff. So, don't be afraid to [ __ ] contact people. And like, why why do you care? Why do you care what people think? Why do you care about strangers? What strangers think? Even friends and family. Like, if [ __ ] don't pick up after the two, three calls, I'll still [ __ ] keep calling. I'll message be like, "Wait, answer. My time's precious. I need you to [ __ ] answer." And that that's how you got to that's how you got to think. You have to be you have to learn to be selfish with your time, your identity, your ego. You have to expect people to give you what you want. And that that leads me to this idea of [ __ ] when you call people, when you contact [ __ ] you get a yes or you get blocked, right? So, when people say no, when people say no, maybe whatever, you put a follow-up in your calendar to contact them again, to call them again. And how how short how long is too long? How short is too short? [ __ ] if someone says no one day, call them like it's 2 hours later. Like, yeah, 2 hours, [ __ ] Like, what what is it? You you have 2 hours to think about it. Tell me yes or no. And if they say no again, boom, another follow-up in a week's time. Call them again. harass them, right? You have to get into this mindset of [ __ ] harassing [ __ ] because people again to to my point about people live their own lives, right? People are living their own lives. They don't care about you. So, what makes you think that after one call or one email, they're going to want to be like, "Oh, yeah. Let's do a deal. Oh, yeah. I want to buy your stuff." You have to get in front of them so many times, you have to get them on your train, right? Like, you have to reach out. You have to ask them nicely. Ask him nicely and then boom, eventually you just start [ __ ] throwing hands. Eventually you start [ __ ] being like, "Oi, you buy pay or gay, right? Pay or gay." I like that. I learned that saying from my business partner. Pay or gay. Now, in saying so, I mentioned follow-ups, right? With the follow-ups, you have to be professional, man. Like you have to be a [ __ ] professional about your communication. You have to the the execution is like a barbarian like [ __ ] caveman, right? Like you're just walking around and boom boom like you bonking on [ __ ] bonking [ __ ] on the head. But behind the scenes, the the intent and the mindset behind it needs to be professional. Needs to be very professional. So when I contact [ __ ] I will save their number. I will log that jour as a journal entry. You can do it in Google Sheets, Google Docs, whatever. Just log the entry of your communication, right? Name, number, notes of what you talked about. If they didn't answer, if you left a message, try to record as much as possible. This is called a CRM, right? Client relationship management or that's what it's called, CRMing. And every professional does this. Every professional is good at remembering who they speak to, recording it, and you can't remember every single person. Like, if you're making 20, 30, 40, 50 calls a day. How? Like, I can't remember the last five people I called. So, that's why when I get a call back, I can see, ooh, this name is calling me back on my phone, right? And then I can go onto my computer or I once that name comes up, boom, maybe I'll start remembering [ __ ] But then I can always refer to my computer, my my documents, my journals, and be like, "Ah, you know, I spoke to Sally about X XYZ. Great tits. Yes, nice ass." Or, you know, Jimmy, handsome guy. I like him. He's very professional. Can service me, can help me. Right? So, I have all these notes, all these people in my contact list. That's why I say I've got a billion-dollar contact list because I've got people ranging from [ __ ] drug addicts, drug dealers, all the way through to lenders, investors, financiers, business owners. I've got so many people in my contact list that it's [ __ ] it's worth billions and billions of dollars. And that's why I would never share it unless you are a very close friend or client. And by the way, if you do want to learn all my in-depth stuff, all my [ __ ] about how to buy companies, right? Because that's my that's my whole model, how to buy companies, especially with no money down. If you want to learn how to do all that stuff, join the owners academy. If you've never done it before, it's perfect for you, right? And I I preach all the time, learn on the job, not learning to prepare, right? Once you understand that, oh, this is good. this is a good thing that I want to do, you should just start doing it cuz that's the best way to learn and start making progress. So, if you're not a [ __ ] you want to learn how to buy companies with no money down, join the owners academy. Link should be in the description. [snorts] But anyway, going back to being a professional professional logging your contacts that you have to log every communication, log every contact, log your interactions, your notes. Use whatever platform. It doesn't really matter as long as you have it logged. And then set follow-ups, right? Use the calendar app. Set follow-ups in tasks or as calendar items. set follow-ups for, as I said, two hours, one day, one week, one month. Or if someone actually tells you, hey, you've we've spoken like three times, like, look, I I really I'm really not ready for this [ __ ] now. Like, I'm ready. I'm not ready to sell my business. Look, um, next next month we're going to open up our new budget for this marketing [ __ ] or like this AI stuff. Hey, we should speak then. Often times, professionals are pretty truthful about that, right? especially if you've alreadyounded them two, three, four, five times and they're saying, "Okay, [clears throat] I appreciate the resilience. I appreciate the persistence. Let's let's actually speak. Like, I'm not trying to just get you off the phone. Like, I'm genuinely interested. I understand what you're doing now. Let's speak in a month's time." Right? So, the sellers that I get in touch with who aren't ready to sell now and I'veounded them a little bit um and they say, "Hey, maybe in like 3 months time, let me get my books in order. let me do my [ __ ] I'll put a follow-up. I will put a follow-up to call them because you're not going to remember that, right? In your head, you're not going to remember to call back 50 [ __ ] All right? So, you actually have to use the tools available. [ __ ] AI, [ __ ] it. Google, [ __ ] it, Google Sheets, it record every single thing that you need to do. And that makes outreach so much easier. And that way, you don't have to remember names. you don't have to remember all the [ __ ] If you have a good rhythm in terms of who you're talking to and you're recording all this stuff, then you can always just refer to your database, to your contact list. And over time, right, over time, no matter what you're doing, whether you're in sales, whether you're in whatever you're trying to raise money, whether you're doing my model, you're buying companies, over time, you're just going to develop this contact list that is worth, like me, billions of dollars. And that's going to be super valuable. That's going to be a little ego stroke to yourself. But anytime you want to do something, you have this contact list of thousands of people that you can just go to, right? You can go talk to this lender. Just catch up because people quit jobs, people change career paths, people start new businesses, right? You can always just if you're down and out, you can always just message [ __ ] and be like, "Yo, what's going on?" Or just call, "Yo, what's going on? We spoke like 3 months ago. What's new? You're in a new job. How you going? You're making money. Good, good, good, good, good, good. Right. So, having a contact list, that's why, you know, you look at every wealthy person out there, they have a huge contact list. Oh, yeah. I've got someone for this. I've got someone for that. I've got someone for this. Oh, yeah. I know Jimmy, blah, blah. He can give me a discount on this. You go to this country, I know this person. I go down here, I know this person. That's why you need to log your people. And that is probably one of the most valuable things that I'll share in this about outreach, right? When you're making outreach, like making outreach is a good reason. Like beyond just selling [ __ ] now, you have a long-term incentive to contact [ __ ] You can call people, log them into your contacts, and boom, you've got you start to build a billion dollar contact list like me. It's a very cold day today. My hands are cold. I need food. I don't know what else to say to you guys about outreach. Don't be scared. People are just people are people. People are going to judge regardless whether you're slick [ __ ] whether you're rude or whether you're polite. People are going to judge anyway. So just be you and call people, DM people, email people, and just get better and better and better as you go. Someone you talk to a month, someone you talk to now won't remember you next week. So don't be afraid of harassing people. Don't be afraid to shoot that first shot, right? And just do more, right? If you can make a good habit out of contacting new people every single day, not only are you going to build your contact list, you're going to build your confidence, you're going to build your speech, you're going to build your communication. Like, look at me. The way I talk to you now, I'm just freeballing, freestyling. I really don't I don't have no structure to this. Have no points in mind. This is this is me drawing from the [ __ ] from the heavens, right? the universal wisdom coming directly into my crown, through my hoodie, through my beanie. I could tie this up as tight as possible and I will still have all this game coming into my head from the universe because what? Guess what? I've done it. I've put in the reps. I don't care what you think, right? I'm making this video to help you, to help inspire you, and to hopefully give you some game, to give you some source about what to do, what not to do, and to get you to stop being such a coward so you can make the calls. And I don't care whether you like the way I talk, whether you like me, whether you love me. I really don't care, right? And I'm only this way because I put in the reps. So that's my lesson to you. Just keep doing more, right? If you're scared, do more. If you're rich, do more. And you you might be saying, "Oh, but if you're rich, why do you need to keep what do you make need to make content? Why do you need to keep meeting people? Why do you need to keep doing this shit?" Cuz it's you got to you'll learn to love the game. You know, Donald Trump is a [ __ ] billionaire. Why does he still need to be run for presidency, do all this [ __ ] right? My mentor, my my billionaire mentor, he's already got billions. He's already got a [ __ ] $300 million in property, right? He's already building one of the largest mansion estates in my city. Like, why does he need to do anything? He tells me he stays up late at night to accommodate for the [ __ ] US time zones to work and to do his business, right? He skipped Christmas, all the Christmas fi festivities to work and do business, right? He's already rich. Why? And it all just comes down to the love of the game. And that is why we are successful. That is why we are rich. That is why people continue to be rich because they don't forget what gets them there in the first place. And if you're spiritual, you like [ __ ] you're religious, God, [ __ ] God will give you everything you want as long as you keep doing what you need to do. Right? He's no lazy [ __ ] gets the things they want. No lazy [ __ ] gets rewarded, gets the best [ __ ] the best food, the money. No lazy [ __ ] gets that, right? It's always hardworking people who do what they need to do when they need to do it consistently for a long [ __ ] time. Only these [ __ ] get the fruits of the world, right? So, make more calls. Make more calls. Send more emails. Send more DMs. Go build your dreams. You don't need to wait for permission. You don't need to worry about what other people think of you. It's all [ __ ] right? You create your reality. You create the expectations in your life. You create the standards. You create the results. Right? As I say, a thousand cold calls will change your life. What do I mean by that? Both personally and professionally, you're going to develop so much. If there is no way in heaven, hell, or earth that you make a thousand cold calls and you don't make more money and you don't get better at communication. And who doesn't want more money? Who doesn't want better communication? H, you tell me. So, I think that's it. That's it. I hope you got a lot of value out of this. Then again, if you want to buy companies with no money down, if you want to get all my scripts, all the things that I say, all the things that I say to get sellers to say yes to me, agreed to my deal structures, how my guys are closing six, seven, eight figure deals, right? If you want to get access to all the stuff, structured course material, all the resources I use, join the owners academy, right? Don't be a [ __ ] If you want to buy companies is the best place to learn because no one else is teaching it the way I am. Thanks for watching.

Hello, hello, hello guys. Welcome to another video with the one and only Josh Lee. Today I'm going to be talking about a very, very important topic, especially when you're looking at deals, right? When you're looking at the numbers, when you're trying to make sense of it all, when you're trying to find ITA, free cash flow, and ultimately how you value the business, what are the numbers you're basing your valuation off? And this is going to be very important if you're going to be using a leveraged buyout model, aka buying a company using debt and without using any of your own capital. Now, if you don't know who I am, I am the youngest healthcare acquirer, no money down healthcare acquirer in Australian history. So, I know what the [ __ ] I'm talking about. I know that this is possible. And I've got guys in many different industries around the world doing the exact same thing. So if you've never done it before, if you've never seen it before and you're calling [ __ ] already, I suggest you check yourself. Anyway, let's get into it. I'm going to be talking about cash and acrual accounting. All right, this is going to be very important when you're looking at financial statements. So, first thing, cash accounting. Cash accounting is basically when you rec record every cash transaction. So, you make 100, you make 100, you record that on the profit and loss. You spend a 100, you record that on the profit and loss. Now, a cash accounting, this shows you the cash position, but it's actually not entirely accurate, especially when you start going into larger numbers, more complex businesses. So, a good rule of thumb is under a million dollars, cash accounting is fine because chances are your business model isn't that sophisticated. You're not selling that many product or services. So, it's fine to account by cash accounting. Now, I'll explain why it's not accurate in the next bit, but I want you to start thinking about it. If you just record how much money comes in, how much money goes out? If you're new to business, you think, hm, isn't that how you record how much money you make? It's not entirely accurate. Um, okay. So, I do have my notes here, by the way. So, I'm keeping track of what the [ __ ] I'm telling you. So this shows your cash cash position. It is good and typical for businesses under a million dollars. So under a million dollar that's when when you start making more than a million dollars, that's when you want to start going into acrruel accounting. Acrruel accounting. Uh basically the difference between acrruel accounting and cash accounting is rather than recording by cash transactions, you're recording by invoices, uh sorry, time of consumption or delivery, right? So you're recording not when the $100 comes in or but when the $100 is being used, right? So for I'll show you the example after. Now, acrruel accounting is actually a lot more accurate in terms of identifying the true profitability of a company of a business. So, remember cash accounting shows you the cash position. It shows you how much money is coming in, how much money is coming out, but it it's not a good indication of how truly profitable a business is. The reason why is because you might in a cash accounting scenario, let's say you're recording by financial, you should be recording by financial year, right? So 1st of June, sorry, I mean 1st of July through to 30th of June. Let's say you make you buy stuff for the next financial year, 30th of June in this year or in the last financial year. If you do cash accounting, that's going to showcase an expense. Let's say you spend 50 grand in that year. That's going to show the expense in that year, but you're buying stuff for the next financial year, right? So, you're seeing how it's not accurate because now, let's say, let's say you only make 50K in profit, but then you just spent you just spent that 50k for the next year's stuff. And then it's going to show this year is at a break even. You don't you didn't make any profit. But if you did acrruel accounting, the stuff that you bought for the next year, you'd record it in the next year, right? So you actually acrew that expense over to the transfer acrew whatever the [ __ ] I'm no accountant. I'm a G. I'm a business G. I'm practical. You transfer that expense over to the next year when you actually use it. Now the acrual the another key difference the technical difference is you're utilizing the balance sheet in cash accounting you're basically only using the profit and loss statement in acrruel accounting you are using the balance sheet because where are you going to record the money that you're not using right the money that you need to pay or the money that you're going to get that's going to be in your receivables and payables. And basically, this is when you have an accountant and bookkeeper because then they're recording all these things in your profit and loss when you start drawing down or when you start paying the stuff. So, you've already gotten the money. You haven't recorded it in your profit and loss, but it's being recorded in the balance sheet. Feel me? Okay. So, true usage and consumption of activity. That's what it shows. True usage and consumption. Man, I wish I I need to get one of those [ __ ] whiteboard pen pen things so I can not write like a [ __ ] with my mouse. Anyway, I'm going to show you an example of how this works in practical in the practical world in the real world. Okay, so with I'll show you the difference actually verse acrruel. So cash verse acrruel. So let's say someone pays $1,500 and I'm in the clinical world. So, $1,500 for a package where they get 10 10 sessions, right? They pay upfront for 10 sessions. In the cash accounting, that would be a income of 1,500. Now, we already discussed this. What's the problem here? That you haven't actually delivered the service yet. So, you still owe this customer, right? You still owe this customer $1,500 worth of services, but you've recorded that on the profit and loss statement as a piece of income where and there's no expenses. So, when you're looking at a business to buy this, it's very easy to overinflate or even sometimes under underexpress your true income. Now, in the acrrual mode, this 1,500 actually gets recorded as a liability. [ __ ] forget the spelling. As a liability, right? So, it's not recorded on the profit and loss. It's recorded on the balance sheet, right? On the balance sheet as a liability. Now, How does this work on the profit and loss? So when when you actually deliver, so remember they're getting 10 sessions when this person starts drawing down or using their services, right? So they actually let me show you let me go in even in more depth for you maybe if you're not understanding yet. So they pay on the 30th of June 24, right? 30th of June 24. If they paid on the 30th of June 24 and they record, you record via cash, then that's a prof that adds to your profit, right? Adds to your income, but the expense isn't recorded. So, when you're just looking at cash, you're like, "Fuck, I've got an extra 1,500." But then if you do acrruel accounting, this income is not recorded. It's recorded as a liability on the balance sheet right on the balance sheet for the year financial financial year 25. So this is in financial year 24. Follow follow follow me right on cash accounting it would count as income to financial year 25 I mean 24 but in acrruel accounting you would record it as a liability in financial year 25. Now when does it get recorded as income is when you start using the sessions right when the or when the customer starts using the sessions. So it's $150 a pop $150 per session. Let's say this person starts using them. Uh they do three what's that? 450. So three of these sessions is 450. That's and they use it in [ __ ] 1st August 25, right? So that's when you record the income in financial year 25. So even though you got the money here in 24, you're only recording the income when they're being used. So this actually shows you the true profitability of a company because it's showing when you're actually using the things, right? Whether it's money that you get or whether it's money that you need to pay. All right? Like the example before, if you if you buy something if you buy 50k worth of stuff for the next financial year, it shouldn't be recorded as an expense for the previous financial year. It should be attributed to the next financial year. So when you're only looking so when you're looking at a business you're buying, make sure you differentiate between cash or acrual accounting. You ask them like are you using cash or acrrual accounting methods? If it's cash basis, the only problem, the only time you're going to get experience a problem with this, like a major problem, is when the business does a lot of these kinds of products where people pay for packages and then they have to draw down on the on their credits, right? But in say the clinical world, in my clinics, people come in and they pay per per session. They don't we don't do packages. um for like treatments with people with uh the patients when they pay. Here's $100. I'm going to get a $100 service on the day. That's 99.9% of how we make our money. So, we don't actually This is actually going to be a big problem. Um when I'm looking at clinics, it only becomes a problem when there's a lot of this this kind of stuff when people pay upfront for a lot of services and then have to draw down. So, one clinic that we're looking at now, it does a lot of Pilates and group class stuff. So, people pay up front and they don't they draw down on the credits they have. So, when we're looking at the cash accounts of this business, the profit can be over inflated. So when we look at the acrruel when we look at the what people are actually using by financial year what's expired then we can identify the actual profitability. So I hope you that gives you a good understanding of what cash versus acrruel accounting looks like and why it's important when you're looking at a business. Right? So just uh I don't think I've already given you a summary. Now I'm going to show you the impact on EBITDA on profitability. So on cash accounting, you know this a business like this might showcase $100,000 in cash cash accounting their profits $100,000. But then in when you break it down by ac cruel accounting when you start breaking down invoices when services are being used when things are actually paid for it might actually show 75k profit. So even though you're banking this much money, you still owe you still owe stuff, right? Like you still owe people services. You still owe your suppliers [ __ ] That's why my one of my directors hates cash accounting because it's like, bro, we don't [ __ ] care about your cash position. We want to see your profitability. Like, when are you actually using the money? Cuz you can make $100,000 in a month, but then you you you still need to deliver those $100,000 worth of services. Now, most small businesses are in cash accounting mode, right? So, even their accountants might not even [ __ ] differentiate. So, when you're looking at a business and they're showing 100k or even a million dollars in profit, you do your due diligence, right? And this is why, and this again, if you have no business experience, you have no idea what the [ __ ] I'm talking about, you're this is why you build a board of directors, and this is why you use good accountants, transaction accountants, people who know M&A. They're going to look at this. You're going to go through the business, do your due diligence, you're going to knock the price, knock the profit down, aka knock the price down. And remember, due diligence, DD equals price, right? Due diligence equals knocking the price down. There 99.9% of the time when you do due diligence, you're going to be knocking the price down because you're going to find [ __ ] in the business, whether it's operational, whether it's [ __ ] some [ __ ] with the lease, something in the something that the owner's done two years ago, you're going to find something. But nine times out of 10, you're also going to find that if they're on cash accounting methods and then you actually break down their acrual numbers, you're going to find that their profitability is a lot less than what they think it is. So, you know, you might be basing so you might agree to a a four times multiple. That's a big difference, right? like 400,000 on 100k profit or four time 75. What the [ __ ] that? Bear with me. I'm no math genius. $300,000. That's a $100,000 [ __ ] difference. $100,000 difference simply from the way you account. So this is why it's very important to look at cash verse acrruel accounting. And this actually took me a while to wrap my head around when I first started looking at numbers. And when one of my directors was like, Josh, you need to are they doing cash or acrruel? And I didn't understand the difference. I was like, isn't isn't it the [ __ ] same? Isn't profitability the same? Like we're getting the money in. Why does it matter when why does it matter? And then once you actually understand like when you're buying a business and you've got um okay I'll show you the live example. So in this one business we've got about $28,000 worth of [ __ ] that the business owes to the clients. Now, if we buy the business and we don't look for this and we don't account for this, we're going to be delivering $28,000 worth of services for free, right? So, we're going to pay the price. We're going to pay our multiple. We're going to go through with a transaction and we're going to deliver all these services for free, but we need so it's important to find the [ __ ] that's unearned, right? This is called unearned income. Unearned income, right? the example that I showed before about these uh these classes, this $1,500 that you get on day one, that is unearned income until it gets drawn down until the people actually use their credits, use their services, and you deliver it. That's when it's earned income. That's when it's your earnings. So, if you if you're delivering all these services for free, you're shooting yourself in the foot. So that's why when you're buying a business, it's very important to identify what is unearned in the business because and what you do with this what you do with this number is you there's two things. First thing is adjust the purchase price. So there's two two ways that you can adjust for this value. One is to the purchase price, one is uh in cash. So, you actually get the seller to leave $28,000 in the bank or in receivables for you as the next owner. Common practice in small business though is to simply adjust the purchase price. So, let's say you buy a company for 400K and they've got $28,000 in unearned income. You just take that off the purchase price. That makes it easy. It's clean. Especially if you're doing an asset sale and you're not doing a share sale. This is easy cash. The seller will need to transfer this 28k. Um, and again, this becomes another accounting thing, right? There might be tax payable. There might be just there just might be [ __ ] that you need to deal with with this to account for this 28,000 that's coming into the account. So this is always 90 90% of the time adjusting the purchase price is the easiest thing to do. Second thing is the impact on ibita. So actually want to see so this this number is right now at the time of purchase how much unearned income you have right and unearned income on the flip side there's also the expense side of things but we don't have to worry about that for now. the impact of the IBIDA like you want to see what it's like on a recurring basis year by year right year by year so you want to see FY25 24 23 right the difference in on the balance sheet and the profit and loss and the movements the movements across the years that's typically how you find the kind of general pattern general trend with the unearned income. And this is actually very easy to find if the business is already in acrruel mode, right? So if they're already accounting in an acrruel mode, it's very easy to identify the unearned income and its impact on true profitability. But if they're all on cash, if they're all on cash records to do proper due diligence, you have to dig through line by line, invoice by invoice, and utilization as well. So you have to go through all the invoices that are unearned like right so like the packages you have to go through all the package purchases and then you have to go through how many of these sessions were actually used by clients and this is when you would take it to your accountants who you know they'll dish it to some intern or some junior analyst to go through the reports and find these items for you. So this is not something that I would get your board of directors to do. A little hack if you can identify one year right let's say so let's say I've identified um actually no so we can identify one year financial year 25 out of this 28k let's call it 10k 10k is attributed to financial year 25 and let's say revenue is stable and consistent right stable and consistent. So, it's doing a million dollars this year and then it's doing, you know, 1.1 the year before and the year before it was doing 990. We can see that it's pretty consistent. So, we can assume without looking at 24, 23, 22, we can assume that every year it's going to be about 10K. So if they're on cash records and the profit we're trying to identify the acrual the actual profitability of the company as opposed to relying on cash records and we've identified in one year let's say the most recent year it's 10k we can assume that across every year that unearned income piece is about 10k. When it's small businesses like this and when the revenue is stable and consistent, that's when you can be pretty safe in your assumption. But when you're looking at larger businesses, right? So when you're looking at businesses 10 mil and then the year before that it was like uh 6 mil, year before that it was like 8 mil. And then when you even when you start going to like 10 mil plus 10 mil plus these companies like chances are you're selling a lot more product a lot more different services different products then it's going to become a [ __ ] and you and it's not necessarily safe to assume that the unearned income piece is going to be consistent across the years especially when revenues aren't consistent and the businesses are larger in size. They're selling more product, more services. So, I hope this gives you an insight into just even when you initially look at a business, right? Why why differentiating between cash and acrruel is important and some of the things to look out for when you're looking at the profit and loss statement and the balance sheet. Right? So, when you're requesting financials from a seller, you're asking for their profit and loss statements and you're asking for their balance sheets, right? The reason why you want both is so you can match things up, right? And a lot of if they're not if they're not [ __ ] accounting properly, then you have to dig even deeper and look at their revenue breakdowns, which is why I always ask in the clinical world, I always ask for billings by practitioner. Um, just on the initial review, I'll just look for year-to- date and the last financial year. But on a full review, you want to see all the years, right? You want to see profit and loss, balance sheet, revenue breakdown, um, and even the breakdown of like how people use [ __ ] if they have that, right? If you can dig that from the business, great. But you want to get all this information year by year to do your proper review and to actually to get a real ebida figure. Once you get the ebida figure, then you can find the free cash flow. Right? To find free cash flow, we need to see we need accurate um reporting with in the profit and loss and in the balance sheet. And if they if people a lot of small business owners who aren't so sophisticated and their accountants aren't doing a good job, they don't they don't record their liabilities, right? The unearned income in their balance sheet. So, you probably won't see it in the balance sheet. That's why you need to go the revenue breakdown and even go further than that and actually look at the breakdown of the items that are specifically attributable to unearned income. Right? So there are probably services a portion of services that are you know paid on the spot. You get the money and you deliver it on the day. But then there are going to be a portion of services that people get paid for that need to go on to the balance sheet as liabilities. Right? So this is why it's worth getting a good bookkeeper. This is why get it's worth getting a good accountant who understands transactions, right? Buying companies because general accounting is one thing. But then accounting for the purpose of buying a company and knowing what to look for in terms of unearned income, you know, cash versus acrruel. How do you get the acrruel numbers from a cash from cash records that becomes a bit more of a nuance thing and ultimately this is the key thing this is the key thing we're looking for I mean these two two things are the key things we're looking for ibida and free cash flow hope this video helped go out there and kill it thank you for watching see you on the next.

Guys, welcome to another video. Today I'm going to be showing you how 76% how 76% of deals across the world are done. Now, did I just make this statistic up? Maybe. But it doesn't matter because this is how most deals are done in this day and age in the deal world. Now, first thing is when buying a company, very very few people or very few deals are done 100% cash. In fact, as a buyer, you're shooting yourself in the foot if you're buying a business all cash. Even if you're a billionaire, even if you have all the money in the world, chances are you're not buying all of the businesses 100% cash. Maybe maybe some in some cases um and not for a return when you know you just want to buy something, boom, you just pay cash, right? But matter of fact is most deals in this world are done one of few ways. So in most cases there is a portion of upfront cash. So not 100% of the purchase price is cash but a portion. Usually anywhere between 50 to 80%. All right. So that's easy. So this money either comes from your own pocket or it comes from the bank investors comes from somewhere. There's money up front that you pay to. Now what do you do with the rest? Right? what happens with the rest of the purchase price, the valuation of the business. I want to introduce you to two mechanisms. One is called vendor finance, one is called vendor rollover. So vendor finance, I think most people understand this. This is a deferred payment, right? Money that is deferred over time. Uh and there can be some other things attached to it. I'll explain that later. But basically, you know, you let's say you buy a million dollar business, you pay 60% up front, so 600k, and then that $400,000, what do you do with it? $400,000, maybe you defer it over 2, 3, 4, 5 years. And then what is vendor rollover? So vendor rollover is basically the vendor, the owner, the seller rolling over equity into the acquisition company, right? So you can set up a what they call an SPV, a special purpose vehicle. Set up a new company where the seller actually holds on to or gets the equity that you're not buying. So yeah, in this case, like we're doing 60% and then so we're paying paying for and buying 60% of the business and then the vendor gets 40%. In a new company, uh that that would be under an asset sale. If you're going to go a share sale, then obviously you just buy 60% of the company. Um, and in this case, you obviously assume past, present, future liabilities. So, the key difference here is vendor finance. Even if you're buying 60%, oh, sorry, you're paying 60% of it. So, let's say uh milliondoll business, million dollar business, you're paying 600k and that 4% is deferred. All right? You still own 100% or not still, but you will own 100% of the business, right? Whether it's a share sale or asset sale, you will own 100%. Under a vendor rollover arrangement, the vendor still holds a percentage of the business, right? So, you're paying you're buying 60% of it and they are still an owner. The important thing here, this depends on the circumstance, but usually you're going to want the management rights and you're going to remove any voting rights as well. And you want to make sure everything is major. I don't know if you can see this. Hold on. I think so. Major shareholder friendly, right? So, this is to protect you and to keep you in control of the company. Oh, and of course, you're going to want cash control over the cash flow and the monies, right? So, this owner, they'll get rights to view view only rights. View only rights to profit and loss and balance sheet and financials. But ultimately, you want the management rights. You want the voting rights. You don't want to give them any manage management rights, voting rights, control over the cash flow. You only want to give them view only. So, as a shareholder of a company, you you're entitled to see the books. You you're entitled to see what the management and directors of the company are doing. And you also want to make it major shareholder friendly. With a vendor rollover deal, you're going to want to also include options options for how you acquire this 40%. Do you even want to acquire this 40%. And how this 40% is going to be managed and executed. So in the instance in what I teach the rollup, right, you might not even acquire this 40% at all. You might even just let the owner hold on to that 40% and sell him or her on the on the basis that you're going to be rolling up and exiting, right? So they're going to be benefiting from a multiple arbitrage. So let's say you buy a business at three to five times and then you sell at 10 times, right? You're doubling the value of the business and then they're going to benefit from that arbitrage, right? So that's one instance where they just keep it. Or you might even say we want to include options to buy you out right at say 3 years time or 5 years time. in 3 or 5 years time um once we either achieve maybe you can do it time based so 3 to 5 years or you can say hey once we achieve x profitability or once we achieve x revenue once we achieve something some kind of metric in the business right then you can exercise an option to buy this person chances are they're going to say no I'd rather stick with my 40% and wait until you guys exit whether it's a group sale or whether it's a IPO, I want to hold on to my equity cuz I want to benefit from this multiple arbitrage. The reason why people do this, the vendor rollover is because the banks like it, right? The banks like the fact that you only want, well, not that they like, but it works because you're only getting 60%. You only need 60% of the lend, right, of the valuation. So most banks when it comes to acquisition financing, they'll fund 50 maybe up to 70 80% of the value of the business. So if you're only buying 60%, that fits within their metrics. One thing to keep in mind as well, one thing that the banks really like is uh management. So even though I say take away their management rights, you actually want to outline a role for the owner, right? If they're a managing director of the company, if they manage the business, if they're an integral part of the business, you want you actually want to keep them involved in the business. And it's actually very easy to do because they're still shareholders in the company. And if they want to ex if they want to get to this this exit multiple benefit from multiple arbitrage and they want to benefit from max value of their company of their shares, then they're going to want to stay involved, right? So maybe they they want to relieve themselves of a little bit of management, but you can still outline a role for them to be a general manager or a CEO or some some kind of person who has a capacity to still manage the company, right? So you're going to have management rights from a uh from the top the highest level, but you want to give this person and this is what the banks like, right? You want to give the owner a managing role, right? So when the banks when you present this to the banks, you're saying we only need 60% of the purchase price, the owner is going to stay on board as a manager and the business is still going to be the business, right? Where this is our plan to grow, blah blah blah, but essentially the business isn't changing. Give us the money, right? There's nothing that's changing about it. Give us the money. It all fits within the numbers. Kick us. Now, why would you opt for the vendor finance? So, vendor finance is an easy option for sellers to exit, right? They don't you don't have to worry about this 40%. Um, the key thing to consider with this 40% if you're going to defer it and if you're going to get bank money for this 60%, the vendor finance needs to be subordinated to the senior debt. Meaning in terms of ranking it needs to be second priority but also it needs to be after paid after this bank loan. So let's say you get this bank loan for seven years right only after 7 years you trigger this deferred payment and then the bank will is more more happier more inclined to see this as sellers equity. Right? Cuz that's going to be a big piece when you're presenting to the banks. Where's the equity? And in this case, both of these cases, we can use the seller's equity as that gap, right? But you just have to position and pitch it, right? So, those are the two different little mechanisms. What's up, baby? Holy, I need to get a better thing. Anyway, another thing I want to talk about is that you can tie to both scenarios, vendor finance or vendor rollover, is what we call earnouts. And also, just in short, they're [ __ ] bonuses. So with earnouts, it's very similar to what I mentioned about the options, right? Where once you trigger a certain milestone, the owner can earn their money. And with bonuses, this is so earnouts typically more with the vendor rollover. So if they hold on to 40%, maybe you have milestones at the 10% increments, right? So, let's say you raise profit by X amount and then boom, it triggers a this event where you can buy out 10%. And this is something that you can work in with the bank financing too because the banks are going to give you money for the 60%. And then they're going to obviously see the sale contract, you're going to have to give that to them. They're going to say, "Okay, we like this earnout structure because there's incentive for the owner to stay in. There's incentive for everyone to make the deal work." So that's uh another component you can add to deals and this is how a lot of private equity guys with the bonuses um earnouts are basically bonuses as well but bonuses so you can actually say let's say you do a vendor finance deal right whether it's 100% or whether it's 40% of the purchase price the bonus structure can be something like you know that 40% that's deferred that 40% that's um under vendor finance let's say it's 400 under that million dollar business right? Million business, that 40% that's divert, that 400,000. Let's say you grow the business or whatever the uh systems and mechanics that the owner has in place already. If that business starts growing and becomes a $1.5 million business, you know, you can trigger a bonus to those vendor finance payments. All right? So, let's say you're making monthly payments, you've got an interest rate on it. If you negotiate with that, you can get away with no interest. But let's say you have monthly payments. You got interest rate on that $400,000. You're paying monthly. Let's say on a quarterly basis or a halfyear basis or even a yearly basis depending on the performance of the business. If you grow it, if the profitability increases, then you can trigger some bonuses to pay the seller. Now, this is a very easy way to incentivize everyone to make the deal work, but it's also an easy way to sell the seller because the seller wants to the reason why the seller will do these structures is because they're going to get more money, right? So, going back to my point about you're shooting yourself in the foot if you're paying all cash as a buyer as a seller, you're also incentivized to go with a finance offer or a rollover offer because you can get more money out of the business. So, that's it. Most deals in as well are not paid 100% cash. They are in fact deferred. There is sometimes you mostly most of the time there's cash up front and then the rest of it is finance rollover. There's some kind of earnout structure. There's some kind of bonus structure to it. Now you don't even need to be a financial genius to do all this. You could work all this out with some really basic addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division. You don't need any fancy formulas. You don't need any accounting [ __ ] Like, I'm no math genius and I can I can figure all this out. If you want uh all of this stuff in a lot more detail, how I do my deals, then you can get that inside the owners academy. But um I hope you got a lot of value out of this video. Thanks for watching and I'll see you on the next


Hulk guy. Welcome to another video. Today I'm going to be talking about how I made $150,000 in 12 months from a clinic that I didn't even pay for. So, this is basically how you make money from acquisitions before you exit, before the big payday. This is how you make money from each individual acquisition. If you don't know who I am, my name is Josh Lee, the youngest healthcare acquirer in Australia. did my first no money down deal. $30 million in banking by the age of 21. And I facilitated, led, advised in over $100 million in deals. Here you see a few pictures of me and a couple of cool people. Okay, so $150,000. Where does this come from? This comes from director fees or came from director fees, working capital, and line a line of credit. I stepped into ownership at a zero cost basis. Well, so what does this mean? So a clinic I bought a clinic with no money down and this is the structure that I used to do it, right? So I stepped into ownership using vendor finance. These are the terms that we agreed on. 100% of the purchase price paid over 7 years, 4% interest paid monthly. And once we actually acquire the business, um, I use the cash from the business, the cash flow from the business to pay the lawyers when they set everything up. So the director fees, this is very simple. This is basically the salary or contractor fees that you pay yourself from the business, right? So as a owner of a business, you can be an employee of the business. In my case, I opt to not be on the books as an employee. I prefer to be a contractor. That way, I don't need to pay superanuation. So, if you're in Australia, you understand what that means. So, I don't need to pay extra super for to myself cuz [ __ ] super. And another reason why you'd want to opt for contractor fees is because you can optimize your tax much more efficiently as opposed to paying yourself a straight salary. So, let's say you use Zero or some kind of similar uh payroll software. That's that's all going to calculate all the payroll [ __ ] for you, right? And it's going to calculate the taxes and um it makes it very easy to manage your tax and your super. But when it comes to, you know, trying to optimize for one, the expense from the business, but also your personal tax, then pay yourself a contractor fee. You can talk to your accountant about this. I'm not going to explain this to you. There's different setups for different people depending on how you want to do it. But opt opt for contractor fees. That way you can optimize on tax paid. So that's um the first thing. Uh the second part of the $150,000 was from a working capital loan. This was available day one. So I set this up with the bank uh before I actually settled on the business. Right? So while we were going through the final sale contract stuff, I already started talking to the banks and started preparing the information they needed to give me the money. So it was available day one. So I got this from bank one or I'm going to call it bank one for this video. But I got $30,000 from the bank and the terms here were 5 years 12% interest unsecured. That's very important. Unsecured paid monthly. Now, it's actually very easy to get money out of the banks when you own a business, but in this case, because it's such a small amount, um, and because I presented with a good team, I presented with a good with the good numbers, I presented very well. I presented very professionally and also because it was less than 10% of the company revenue. That's what made it so easy to get the money, right? So I used that uh I use this money to obviously put some in my own pocket. Um I use some of the money for operational stuff and also some business development stuff. So marketing, you know, setting up some campaigns, um ad costs, things like that, things of that nature to continue growing the business, operational stuff to continue running the business right after we take over. There was some [ __ ] that we need to do and obviously I want to put some money in my pocket and that's an easy way to do it. So this was available day one. You got to set this up while you're going through the sale contract stuff. Now, month six, I got a line of credit from bank two. I got $50,000 on a 2-year term, 15% interest, unsecured, and the interest is only paid on funds drawn. So, not the full $50,000. So, whatever you use, that's what the interest is calculated on. And uh this is actually very easy to get as well. So, one one thing to keep in mind is getting money from the banks. It's easy to get money from the banks when you own a business. And depending on the amounts that you get, 10 to 20% of the company revenue is very easy to get from the banks unsecured, right? And I I personally believe they won't even [ __ ] look at your numbers. They just look at how much money you make company, right? Company revenue. They'll be like, "Oh, you make a million dollars, we'll give you 10% easy. No worries. Just just take it." That's my personal belief. Don't quote me on that. But that that's just the way my experience dealing with the banks and the way they give money. When you ask for that amount, 10 to 20%. It's like they're so happy to give it. Now, same same thing here. Some of this money I put in my pocket. Some of this money I put uh towards operational expenses. And some of the money I put towards business development stuff. [sighs] Now this money, these loans, this debt, all of the debt, so the acquisition money, so the vendor finance loan, the working capital loan, and now this line of credit loan, all of this money is paid through the cash flow of the business. So you can't, as much as I say, you can just get money from the bank, uh, depending on your company, revenue. One thing for you to focus on is the free cash flow in the business. Can your business actually support the debt payments on these on this debt that you've accumulated? So that's very important. This is why it's good to have good accountants by your side. This is also the question that you pose to your finance and accountants on your board, which I talk about in my other videos. Building why it's so important to build a team. Because if you have no no [ __ ] idea what you're doing in the business, then you're not going to understand how to calculate this, how to look at it. So therefore, you need to ask the experts. Now, I continue to pay myself from this business. I don't work in the business and I acquired it with zero. Right? So, some of you might be saying, "Oh, $150,000, that's not a lot of money." You're right. It's not a lot of money, but I acquired this business with nothing, right? with zero dollars out of my own pocket. I stepped into ownership. I don't work in the business dayto-day. I'm obviously not at the clinic today. And if you watch my videos, you can see some sometimes I record content when I'm in the clinic. And I continue to pay myself out of this business, right? So, in my in my mind, something that you get for nothing and that you can pay yourself, that's a good [ __ ] investment to me. Now, if you want to learn how to do exactly what I just described, how to acquire businesses with no money down and pull money out of it using creative structuring, creative debt structures, then come into the owners academy. It's literally the best [ __ ] place to learn how to buy businesses with no money down and build your empire. I literally show you all the steps that I took and all the best practices that I continue to use in the owners academy. It's uh you get access to obviously the step-by-step guide, courses, materials as well as a community as well as a network of people who are practicing this. You get access to me. So, whatever questions you have about acquisitions, about financing, about debt structures, you can always just reach out to me and the community and I or the the other guys will answer you. So, thank you for watching. Hope you learned a lot out of this and see you on the next one.

All right, welcome to my video covering the owners club light course, how to buy companies with little to no money down. Now, this is just going to be a very simple walk over the entire guide. If you've read the guide already, in this video, I'm going to be sharing some extra bits, extra steps. I might even share some scripts if I feel like it. So, you're going to get some extra benefit by watching this video. And if you haven't read the course, thank you for taking time to watch this video. I highly recommend going back to one of the pinned messages in the channel and downloading a copy for yourself so you can read it, take it away, digest, and go back to it anytime you need. So, this course, it's the light version of the full course that's available for the owners club members. I'm not going to spend too much time dabbling about it. I'm just going to be going through each and every slide, reading what's on, and adding some extra if needed. So, let's get into it, guys. The owners club. How to buy clubies with little to no money down. The light course. At a certain stage, you realize working harder will never make rich. At least not the kind of rich that lets you whine, dough, and travel, and leisure without ever checking the price tag. So you begin looking how are people really doing it. Not the loud flashy gurus, the quite millionaires and lowkey billionaires. Those who are purchasing companies with others are still making boring babysitting pictures. Turns out these people, they're not building apps or launching side hustle. They're buying like businesses that have been printing money since you were still sucking on your mom's tit. Plumbing, allied health, logistics, only to name a few. established profitable proven businesses and there are millions of them looking to sell in 2025. The craziest part about this smart entrep entrepreneurs like myself are buying them with none of their own money. They are utilizing leverage, bank financing, seller financing, and clever structuring to gain control, cash flow, and equity. These entrepreneurs are buying up boring traditional businesses and getting extremely wealthy without spending their own time or money or sorry without spending their own money or starting new business ideas. This light course provides with the blueprint the methodology behind no money down deals and how rollups can be converted into $100 million plays$100 million plus plays. It's a starting point, a mind opener. It's a call to think bigger. As I said, the entire entire curriculum exists within the owners club. If you want, you'll know understanding the acquisition game. These are the two kind of key or primary ways most people play the acquisition game. There are other reasons and other ways, other methods to follow when you're acquiring companies. Uh but for most people these are going to be the most relevant. If you own a company especially a larger company there are a thousand more reasons why you should be acquiring companies but let's focus on rollups and flipping. So what is rolling? Rolling up I would say is the wealth building mechanism of the [ __ ] of the history. Right. So all what what you do with a rollup is you focus on dominating one or two industries by acquiring many businesses in the same vertical. So for example healthcare. Yep. You roll up businesses only in healthare. In my case I'm doing healthare. I'm focusing on clinical healthare. So private practice healthcare not hospitals not home care and not mobile care. Right? So these are different verticals within the same industry. So every industry will have a set of verticals that you can focus on. You can opt to just to focus on the industry as a whole or you can opt to go very specific down a particular vertical. Usually the more the more focused you are as a group, let's say in my case clinical healthcare, the more you can build a group within this one vertical typically the more valuable it becomes to a buyer. So all you're doing here is you're stacking the synergies. You scale operations and you position for a major exit with nine 8 to 9 figure outcomes in 5 to 10 years. There are people who can do this in a much shorter time. Um but typically 5 to 10 years is the general range how most people would accomplish you rolling up bunch of companies, grouping them, integrating them, and ultimately selling them for $100 million plus. The other way, flipping. So, flipping perfect for lifestyle income or short-term wins. Here's where you buy undervalued businesses, improve operations, and sell within 6 to 24 months for quick profits. Lower complexity but smaller outcomes. So, an example of this is you find a cafe for example, it's turning over a million dollars. You know that it can turn over $1.5 or $2 million. Let's say you can do that in 12 months. So you can buy this cafe at a million grow. You buy it, you grow it to $2 million a year. Now all of a sudden you've doubled the value of the business in a very short time and you can now find a buyer who will pay. Hopefully what we aim for is double what you paid. So you know within that one to two years you've just doubled your money. This guide focuses primarily on rollup strategies. It's the path to building serious industry dominating operations that can lead to transformational wealth. The leverage buyout model. So the LBO that what the LBO means you're using debt to acquire businesses. So instead of paying with your own capital, you leverage bank loans, sell financing, and strategic investment to control assets far larger than what you could purchase out. Now, it's the same as any other reason why you would borrow money. You know, why do people borrow money for cars? Cuz they don't have money to pay for the car at RA. So they borrow it, boom, the bank charges an interest and you just pay over time, right? This is the same thing. We're borrowing money to buy businesses. Unlike car that you would buy for yourself and not any income on the car, you're buying businesses that actually produce cash flow, which means you don't have to service the loan out of your own pocket. You're servicing the loan using business. The model in this course allows you to acquire equity, cash flow control, and with zero background in mergers and acquisitions. So, focusing on the LBO model, how to buy companies using debt, using other people's money. A quick intro of myself if you don't know already. My name is Josh Lee. Uh, prior to my company now, I used to work in banking. I closed over $30 million in transactions. Uh, after that, I got into some consulting work while I was building up my healthcare company. first to have a consulting client landed $85,000 contract and since then I consulted across various other industries uh engagements I bought my first business with zero and no experience at the age of 20 pretty sure I was 25 now continuing to scale this healthcare company I'm here in Australia I'm based in Melbourne so if you're in Melbourne feel free to reach out to me I'm more than happy to find some time to meet at some point. Uh, and I work alongside and I'm mentored by billionaires. You can see in these pictures. This was me and the cell. This is me, JT Fox is me and my billionaire mentor. And this is one of my directors on my company who's who's an 8 figureure founder. Uh, I'm not going to go into any of all this [ __ ] You can read you can download this, read it. is just goes into a bit more about me, my values, you know, why I started the business. Let's club straight into how you can do what I have done. How do you buy companies with no money? So the first step I took, I built a board. My board consisted of a chairman or at the minimum a chairman, finance expert, legal adviser and industry expert. Now these positions are the core of your non-executive board. Here I've said they do not make day-to-day decisions. Your board exists to provide governance for the company and guidance for you to make the right decisions. Now it's not necessary to start but also building an executive team. I would highly suggest if you can do it from the start great. If you can't, not a big deal. You can build it as you go. But if you can get them from the start, that is phenomenal. Um your executive team this consists of your seuite executives. So your CEO, CFO, COO. These are people who actively manage your company and your assets. The people who are going to be working on the company dayto-day leading it, making changes, making decisions. Your board doesn't do this stuff. Your board is there to govern the company, make sure that the company can pay its debts, it's doing the right thing. Um, and ultimately it's a sounding board for you as a founder. Anytime you have problems, whether it's a a legal problem, a finance problem, you can always go to your board for help. Now, how do you find these people? You find these individuals on LinkedIn. You pitch your vision. You offer free founders equity to join your board with no salary or upfront payments. Right? No salary or upfront payments. That need that is very important especially if you are starting out you're broke you have no money. One tip elite players only. These people should make you uncomfortable. They should be smarter, richer, and more experienced than you. I've worked with a few people that have started building their boards and some of the candidates they're choosing aren't the right fit. They're choosing these people because they're comfortable with the level they're at, right? So, just because, let's say, for example, you're trying to find your finance expert or your your in-house accountant, you might find someone that has worked at KPMG, Ernston Young, um has worked with some private companies as an accountant, um and maybe is now freelancing as a consultant, right? Someone like this, just because they've worked with a big four firm and maybe have been a lead accountant at a private company, doesn't mean [ __ ] right? The people I'm looking for for my board is, okay, if you've worked at one of the big four, were you one of the partners? Were you one of the senior partners? Not just some director or analyst, right? if you worked at a private company um doing financial stuff doing transaction work. Were you one of the analysts or interns or were you the CFO? Were you the lead the lead for the deal? You know, were you just some guy looking at the numbers or were you the guy who sourced it, who structured it, and who negotiated a deal and who led to a close? Right? These are the people we're looking for. We're looking for leaders, people who've been in the high senior spots, not these little chicken [ __ ] analysts or director positions, right? Anyone can get a [ __ ] job KPMG as a director. That doesn't mean anything, but it does mean something when you become partner, right? It means you can sell, you're capable, you know your [ __ ] and these are the people we want on our board. Same thing with our executive team. Now, recruiting your board. Let's go into a little bit more. How do you how do you do it? So, use LinkedIn to identify potential board members. Everyone on LinkedIn is after money and business, right? There's no reason why you have a LinkedIn profile and you don't want to do business or meet people or get into or explore opportunities, right? Every single person, every single swinging dick, saggy pair of tits on LinkedIn wants to do business. That's first thing. set up your profile. So, your LinkedIn, you should have a professional profile picture, bio, and your experience should be listed nicely um and hopefully relevant to what you're doing. What you're doing with LinkedIn is you're literally searching for you're searching for CEOs, retired partners, the senior positions I'm talking about, right? You can literally punch in, you know, CEO of healthcare, CEO um construction, and you'll get [ __ ] 20,000 pages of people Now, what we're doing here is we're connecting with people. We're trying to request meetings. We're requesting meetings. We're interviewing them and we're closing them. So, how do you reach out when you're after you send a connection request, they accept the first DM? I'm going to give you a script here. So, you got pen and paper, you got notes, take notes. You say something like, you know, "Hey, John, my name's Jim. I'm the founder of XYZ company. We're building a leading, you know, whatever company, whatever industry you want to do. We're currently building a worldclass board of directors. Given your background, I'd like to invite you to take a position. Are you interested? And that's it. As simple as that. Connect with thousands of people. Send a DM to everyone that fits the bill. in terms of your your criteria for who should be a board candidate, send that DM out to [ __ ] everyone. So, a thousand DMs and, you know, 200 people will get back to you. The the offer that you're giving them, it's free founders equity with no immediate financial burden. the the the reason why free founders equity is so attractive is because for one if you're painting a credible picture and you're selling the dream then they understand that oh I can get in on a company at a zerocost basis right there's no tax consequence there's no [ __ ] all I just get shares in a company and I could possibly walk away from this with millions of dollars in 5 10 years time that's what they're thinking right these people that you reach out to they should understand this model better than you do. Yep. So the the basis of your offer is free founders equity. Um structure it as a true upside opportunity, not an expense. So be clear about time commitments and expectations. They're going to ask you know what's my time commitment? What do you from me? Um in the full course I give everything. I give the full checklist, the interview, all the scripts, what you should say, what you shouldn't say to these to your board when you're building your board of directors. The little tip here, I've already mentioned it. Sell the dream. Remember, these board members are your first major validation. Their willingness to attach their names to your venture will open doors with sellers, banks, and investors. So this is kind of your, you know, how most people start a company is like they'll they have an idea, they'll try to get money to fund, you know, the creation of the product, the website, whatever, and they're trying to sell and they're trying to validate that idea by actually bringing it to market. What we're doing here is we're validating our idea through building our board and we're we're basically touching on the same we're touching on experts in the industry who should know more about the industry and the environment than we do right so when we're pitching our idea to these people in my case hey I'm pitching out to people in the healthcare space to join my board for a healthcare rollup everyone that I spoke to said great idea, right? These are people who work directly in the industry. They're telling me, Josh, this is a great idea. I'd love to be a part of it or in the for the most part, you know, hey Josh, it's a great idea, but I'm sorry, I've already got commitments, blah, blah, blah. So, your first validation, this is a way for you to test your idea without spending any money. This is also a philosophy and principle that we preach with the owners club and it's a personal philosophy of mine. In 2025, you can start a business without spending any of your own money. You just need to learn how to leverage other people. Last point here, do not incorporate your company yet. I'm not going to explain why, but do not incorporate your company yet. interview these people, close them, get the handshake, put them on an executive summary, but do not incorporate your company yet. This means forming your if you're in the states, your LLC, if you're UK, Australia, your proprietary limited company. Do not form this even after you recruited your people. Step two, build an external professional team beyond your board. You need specialized professionals who will work with you to execute on transactions. Engage accountants and lawyers from top tier firms with expertise in acquisition ventures in your industry. Search for the top 25 accounting and law firms in your city. Then work from the bottom up. Uh this last point is more for beginners, people who don't have money or aren't in business. Look for firms willing to offer rolled or delayed fee arrangements because they see long-term value in your business. So what a rolled or delayed fee arrangement. That basically means is you don't pay upfront, you pay later. So work now, pay later. If you already run a company, you already have money. Well, actually, no. If you have money, forget it. Still follow this model. But if you have an existing company, if you have an existing company, you're cash fling, you're making money, then this is probably not going to apply to when you go to accountants and lawyers, especially the top tier ones, they're going to be they're going to look at you and say, "Bro, you're making $10 million a year. We're not going to give you ro of delayed fees." So only for beginners. And this is how I started as well. This is how I engaged top tier lawyers and accountants without paying anything up front. you secure them on a road or delayed fee arrangement. Finding the right professional partners. So research, present, interview, formalize. So research um arguably you don't even need to research, but there are certain terms in certain countries that are better to go with. So it depends on your industry and depends where where you're at. Do a little bit of research. you know, best accounting firm for vets, best accounting term for construction. There's usually firms that specialize in those industries. Um, but the thing beyond expertise is also credibility, right? You only want to work with top 25 because the whole point of building your board, the whole point of building these professional partners, your external team, is to build an air of gravitas around you as the founder, around you and your company. Right? You want to be able to present a deal to a bank and say, "Hey, check out my board. Check out my accountants and lawyers." And a bank is going to be like, "Oh, [ __ ] You've got these big hitters on your board. You've got Yep. You've got a top 10 law firm, top 10 accounting firm. You're you're a big hitter. You know what you're doing. Here's the money. Um, present present interview formalize. So, present uh present your team acquisition strategy, long-term vision. So, this process is literally research. You get a list of people from Google, whatever. Call the number. It's going to go straight to a receptionist and you just say, "Hey, I want to speak to you partner or a healthcare partner." They put you through, organize a meeting. Very similar with the board presentations. You're presenting yourself, your company, what you want to do. Now, the only difference is obviously you have a board. So, you present your company, where you're going, and ultimately who you have with you, right? So, these people should be attracted to work with you because you've got credible names attached to your company. So, interview, that's part of the presentation. When you sit down in the meeting with these partners, you're interviewing them, right? Don't don't make it as if, you know, they've got to pry information out of you and you're begging them to work with you, right? You're interviewing all the firms that you that you meet with. So I would suggest for each accounting and law like interview five like interview five firms at five different firms at least to get a feel for it to get to practice for one. Um and also every film is going to be a little bit different like they all do the same [ __ ] but they're all going to have a kind of different approach in the way they want to do things. Um and in these interviews you can bring a board director you can ask them for their feedback. you know, after all after after your five interviews, you can ask your board member like, "Hey, you know, what do you think? Um, who do you like? I like these guys because of XYZ. What do you reckon?" Yeah. Once you interview everyone, you decide as a team, right? Talk to your board members. They're going to understand it better than you do. Like, who should I go with? And you're going to decide on one or two people. Make that decision and then formalize it. So, reach back out to whoever you've decided and make sure to get an engagement letter. This engagement letter needs to outline the nature of your relationship and include specification of rolled or delayed arrangement. You you need this engagement letter to specify yes, we will accept RO delay basis. It doesn't need to be said in that manner, but it needs to be expensive. The right professionals bring more than technical expertise. They provide connections to lenders, investors, and sellers while adding significant cred credibility to your acquisition efforts. Tip: Your board should be able to provide contacts and help you interview and select the right firms. So part of your interview process, you actually identify, you know, can they refer you to lenders, investors? Do they have people? Do they have clients on their books that might be selling their business? Can they refer these to you? That's what you're asking for. And this last little tip, your board should be able to provide contacts before you even do this research part. Before you even go on Google and type the top 25 booms, just ask your board. be like, "Hey, I'm looking for to get engagement and representation from a top tier firm, accounting or legal firms. Does anyone have connections or know anyone or can introduce me to a partner at one of the big firms?" You know, if you've chosen the right people for your board, then chances are that every single one of them should have one or two contacts in the accounting and legal world. uh preferably at the top firms. Now, step three, warm up the money. So, you've built your board, you built up the external team, board, accountants, lawyers. Now, you're ready to warm up the money, right? You still haven't incorporated incorporated company and you still haven't searched for deals yet. Step three, wall up the money. So, where do you find the money? You can go lenders. These are your first go-to banks, SBA lenders, and these banks as well. And this is for us, private debt funds, and mezzanine finance. You can Google all these terms if you don't understand. Investors and family offices, high netw worth individuals, search funds, private equity groups. When you're warming up the money, don't pitch specific deals or ask for money yet. Instead, build relationships by learning their investment criteria, lending parameters, and approval processes. Position yourself as interviewing them, not the other way around. So, I hope I've made this clear by now with your board, with your accountants, lawyers, and even the bankers and investors. You're interviewing them. You're interviewing them to see if they can help you, not the other way around, not the other way around. You're not begging them for business, right? That's how most people approach starting a company, going to banks. They beg for [ __ ] business. They walk up to a bank, they say, "I've got this deal. Please give me money for it." That's not how we do it, right? When we're warming up the money, we've got we're presenting our company, ourselves, we're selling the dream. So, same same kind of process with the board and the professionals. And now the difference is we have a board and we've got professionals we can attach to our name. So, when we go to a banker, we say, "Hey, how you going? This is my company, blah, blah, blah. This is what we're doing. Here's who I've got in my board. Here's who's representing us. Yeah, I'd love to know a bit more about you, your processes, your investment criteria, lending parameters, and approval processes." Uh, and again, as for the owners club members, you get all the checklists and the interview um points. And so there's no no [ __ ] guess work or thinking at all. Literally, you join the owners club and we give you this script A to Z and covers everything about this stuff. The art of building side relationships. When meeting with potential lenders and investors, focus on understanding their criteria rather than pitching specific deals. I already said that. Ask questions about the lending limits, credit process, preferred industries, minimum cash flow, procurements, and typical terms. The goal is having them warmed up and ready to receive deal presentations. You can find letters until you find your board and professionals. This point here, so LinkedIn and Google, you can just find individuals themselves. Um nowadays, you probably don't even need to go through gatekeepers. So for example, with with the board members, you're reaching directly people on LinkedIn. For the accountants and lawyers, most of the big firms have their partners on their website with their direct landline and their email address. So you can actually call and email partners of firms directly for the most part. If not, you can use LinkedIn and just search for partners partner KPMG healthcare or partner um ey M&A and then look for people. you know, it's a searching game. Um, so and same thing with bankers. So with bankers, you know, most banks won't list their bankers on their website, but a lot of bankers will have a LinkedIn, right? So they'll have lending manager XYZ bank or head of whatever industry at ABC bank. So use the tools available to try to get in front of the person, right? We're trying to eliminate as many gatekeepers as possible. That that's that's most ideal. Step four. So now you have your board professionals, bankers. Now you can look for sellers, right? There's three ways you can look for sellers. Direct outreach, business brokers, industry networks. So direct outreach, you can search businesses, call, email, and it's as literally as simple as that, right? you find a list of businesses um and let's say if you want to get direct to people obvious there's LinkedIn obviously and there's also platform like Zoom info and Apollo which gives you company information as well as personnel information so owner email owner mobile number you can get these you can scrape these with with tools and and it's really just getting in front of it getting on the call and just be straightforward. Like, you don't need to beat around the bush and say, "Oh, yeah, great business. You I've been checking you guys out." Stop with that [ __ ] You literally, all you need to say is, "Hi, John. My name's Josh from XYZ company. We're rolling up in this region or we're buying companies in this region. Have you ever thought about selling your company?" And then you let them answer. They say yes or no. If they say no, next. Thank you for your time. See you later. If they say yes, you hit hit them with a question. What were revenues in EPA last year? Is there a price you want? Have you explored a sale before? Just get it get into it. And once a seller shows interest, immediately send an NDA and request key documents. So the key documents that I always ask for three years of financials, the corresponding tax returns and any details on revenue streams and staffing. So if they can give me a list of their staff or at least an a breakdown of their organizational structure um as well as details on revenue. So in the clinical world, we we do billions, right? Like we earn money based on the patients we see. So I want to see a breakdown of that. I want to see a breakdown of the doctors, how many patients they're seeing, and the average value of each patient. Like I want to see how they're billing, how much each doctor is making for the company. Um, so this would be very similar across the industry. So if you're in landscaping, for example, you want to you want to look at, you know, who's in the company, who's delivering the services, you know, who's doing all the jobs, who's working part-time, who do I want to keep, who do I want to get rid of? That's what we're looking for. So financials tax financials gives you the financial snapshot. It shows you profit loss. It shows you revenue, shows you profit. Tax returns basically verifies that. Very rarely do people lie to the tax man. So it's it's an easy way to verify, okay, this company is genuine. They're not lying on their books. And if owners give you the tax returns, chances are they're very interested in selling or doing something. they're serious. So, it's a it's a gauge of how serious are they? And then details of revenue streams and staffing helps you kind of start your initial due diligence and help you decide like do I want this business? Like a business could be, you know, making a million dollars in profit, but something with the staffing and the revenue streams might might make might impact your decision, right? For example, the owner, the owner themselves might be a part of that million. If they leave, that million turns into $500,000, right? So then it's a question of, you know, do you discount the price now or do you just leave the deal entirely? And these questions your board your board can answer. The most effective deal sourcing method, make cold calls. I'm not going to beat a dead horse. Consistency beats sophistication in seller outreach. So, a good practice for the average person. Call 5 to 10 owners day. Track all interactions in a CRM or spreadsheet. And most sellers won't respond to your first contact. So, develop followup sequence. Uh, I've got a little notes here. Almost forgot about this. The owners club members get access to our private app. So, it's something that we've been developing and we're constantly improving. It's easy to use purpose-built deal dashboard to track all your contacts and deal making activity in one place. So there are other platforms out there that only focus on one element of the M&A process, but we've created an app for our members where it tracks activity across the whole pro the end to end right from the board, the accountants, the sellers, the bankers, cuz it's very hard to keep track of all of this stuff if you've never done it before. That's why we've built a dashboard so it's easier for you to track. it's easy for you to track who've contacted for your board, you know, who you have engaged with you as a partner. Um, put your accounting and law legal stuff and even shows you your your terms that you've agreed to. Uh, as well as your sellers and bankers, right? These are probably the hardest to keep track of because it's always changing. Like for example, I've got like one bank alone, I've had over a dozen contacts. Yeah. And having a dashboard like this, it's an easy way to just see, okay, you know, Bank of America, for example, I've spoken to John, Jim, Sally, Jill, and you can put note like just exactly like a CRM to just track exactly what you're doing. I don't think any other app out there does that specifically for M&A and for our process. Step five, struct the deal. So once you're getting in front of owners, you're getting financials, what do you need to do now? So before you actually make an offer, you need to structure the deal. How do you structure the deal? Determine valuation. So usually based on EIDA and industry multiple bank financing, it's typically 50 to 70% of purchase price and fill the funding gap. So utilizing seller or vendor financing investor equity earnouts for a business with 250k EIDA it's four times multiple which is very average the million dollar purchase price might include so million so $250,000 times four would like a million that million purchase price it might include $600,000 in bank financing $400,000 gap to be filled through a creative deal structure So typically across the board, doesn't matter where you are, banks aren't going to give you 100% of the money. Especially if you have especially if you have no money, you're not going to put a guarantee and you're not going to put up any real estate or property for to secure the loan. They're not going to give you 100%. So you need to get creative with how you're going to fill the rest of that, how you going to fill that remaining gap of equity. Um the another way to structure a deal which I don't think we've included here. So vendor financing. So vendor financing if you actually just want to skip the banks completely you can do 100% vendor financing. I can make another video to go a little bit more in depth in how you structure and negotiate a vendor financing deal. But essentially this is an IOU with the seller. All right. A vendor financing it's an IOU paid to the seller over time typically three to five years with interest this three to five year range it could realistically it could be anywhere from like 1 month to 99 years even more right it's an IOU to the seller so it's really based on how well you can negotiate with the seller so this can cover 20 30% of the purchase price and demonstrates the seller's confidence in the business's future performance so 20 20 to 30% of the purchase price if you're going to use bank financing, right? If you're using vendor financing to just bridge the gap, but obviously if you're using 100% vendor financing, then you're not bridging anything. Then it's literally just it is a complete demonstration of the seller's confidence in the business's future performance, but also it's it's a gauge of how committed, how motivate motivated they are to selling and how much they trust you really. So this is why it's important to sell yourself well, dress well, have a credible board, have credible accountants and lawyers, right? The more you have this stuff in place, the more people will trust you with their money and the assets in the time. Other tools to fund the gap, investor equity, vendor rollover. Investor equity is literally just people providing cash. They get a slice of the pie. And vendor rollover is um the seller retaining partial ownership and benefits from future growth. So for example, back with that 6040, you know, that million. So the $600 the bank $600,000 the bank can give you the $400,000 you can the seller can roll over their equity into your company, right? So you could set up a new company where you own 60%, they earn 40%. And that can bridge the equity gap for the banks. This way the sellers can still hold on to a piece of the business and as you grow the company and as you consolidate and raise your company value, their equity is going to raise in value as well. So that so this is selling the dream again. So all of this is selling the dream. But these are the three tools for closing the funding gap if you're going to use bank financing. The key is to ensure free cash flow. Free cash flow can comfortably cover debt repayments with a 1.5 or more or higher debt service coverage ratio. So the DSCR is just your precash flow figure divided by your debt service payments annual annual. your annual cash flow, annual profit divided by your annual debt service payments and the owners club members get access to our curated network of lenders to help fund their deal. So we have a network of lenders uh mainly in US but across the world that are uh very keen on acquisition financing. So, as members of the owners club, not only do we teach you how to apply the model and support you to execute the model, we also have introductions and financing partners who will prioritize your deals and give you great terms. Okay, moving on. Non-binding offer. Now, you structure a deal. You can get your board to help you with this. So, get your board to help you with this, even your accountant and lawyers. But once you structure the deal, the next thing you want to do is submit an a non-binding offer. So non-binding offer, I opt for a an NBIO. So that was on the advice of my board and the NBIO stands for non-binding indicative offer or what's more common is a letter of intent. This piece of paper is your formal offer. It establishes key terms while allowing both parties to walk away if needed. It includes purchase price, payment structure, contingencies, exclusivity period, and major conditions. I personally believe more detail up front means fewer surprises later, which means the deal is less likely to crash the longer you go, right? the more you can just um flesh up out up front, the more terms you can agree on up front means the less negotiation you have to do as you go through due diligence as you prepare the contract. Um yeah, just as time goes on, right? You've already agreed on terms up front. There's no room for [ __ ] once you get uh so step six due diligence. But once you get that offer uh submit that to the seller, you know, once you have that reviewed by your board, it's nice nicely written up. Send that to the seller, get it signed. Once you have a signed LOI or a signed NBIO, now you can start due diligence. Due diligence and financing, your typical due diligence process, initial due diligence, review key information, and prepare documents for banks and investors. Then you a quality of earnings. So validate financial statements and normalize the IBIDA. You also want to uh verify quality of maintainable earnings. That's probably more key for the banks. Maintainable earnings. You can Google that. Operational assessment. Examine contracts, staff, systems, and processes. So first thing to do is actually verify the business is legit and has everything lined up. Next thing is verifying its numbers. So actually making sure this business is a profitable business and the numbers are real. Once you actually verify, yes, this is a real business, it's making money. Now you can afford to spend the time to look at the operational side of things, the staffing, right? Interviewing people, interviewing the managers, key staff people. And then after you do that, after you look at numbers, after you review the operations of the business, now you evaluate the risk like what are the things you need to look out for? What are things you need to change? The this is the point where you you can knock the price down of your business, right? Due diligence is where you look for both booby traps and validate the deal. This is also your opportunity to knock the price down. You will do this with your board and your accounting if required usually for deals 5 mil plus. So your board should be able to help you with d complete due diligence for deals smaller than 5 mil maybe smaller than 3 mil. These businesses are very easy to analyze. There's not a lot to look at and a million dollar business versus a $50 million million business. You look at the same things, but under each area, there's less to look at with a smaller business, which makes it easier to look at, then faster. Conducting effective due diligence, financial investigation, operational review, legal compliance. Um, I'm actually not going to go into this too much because your board should be able to help you out, you know, more than I can with this. Like, your profession, your board, your accountants, your lawyers, they do all this stuff. They help you with all this stuff. That's the whole point of them. Um, and obviously as for the owners club members, we provide deal reviews for each other. Um, the key thing with due diligence is when you're going through it, prepare an initial report, banks, if you're raising money for finances, investors, um, and also a final report. So whether you go with an accounting firm or not, the accounting firm will give you a report regardless if you want it or not. But if you're going to do due diligence with your board and not and not engage your accountants, then I I would still suggest compile a comprehensive report of all your findings so you can actually hold on to this and your board is probably going to ask you to do the same. This is a compliance measure and it's it's a good practice. It's good practice to do. Step seven, closing the deal. So once due diligence is complete and financing is approved. If you remember during due diligence you're presenting your findings to the banks as well. You're getting approvals. You're getting approvals. You're getting offers from banks. Lawyers will prepare the contract of sale. Negotiate side terms while keeping the process moving forward. Ensure you've arranged business insurance, bank account licenses, and operational handover before day one. When both sides sign and funds are transferred, congratulations, you now own the business. Tip: Use your executive team and your accountants to meet bank presentations and secure financing. Use your board and lawyers to navigate legal discussions, but be the one to push for or make decisions quickly. So, this point here is very important. Use your board and lawyers to navigate legal discussions, but you be the one to push for decisions quickly. my my deal with my first deal, everything was actually done in a pretty quick manner. Uh there was obviously a lot of back and forth with information, documentation, but what really held us up was the legal negotiation, the contractual negotiations. Once we got our lawyers to prepare the the contract, it got sent over to the seller. The seller sends it over to his lawyer. And now the two lawyers on both parties are engaged together. And now they're trying to negotiate. Lawyers, they're always going to [ __ ] argue about coins, right? It's just it's part of their practice. It's how they make their money. Um the important thing is to drive it, right? I I had to be the one to push for the deal to get closed. I had to say to the owner, to the seller, you need to tell your lawyer to shut the [ __ ] up, right? You have to be the one to push, push, push because everyone else is going to waste time. Your board is going to want to waste time because they want to do more due diligence, for example. They're going to want to find more about the business. Your accountants, uh, at this stage, they're done. they've done the due diligence, assuming you you've engaged them to do it. And your lawyers will want to waste as much time as possible to generate more fees um on both sides, right? The sellers lawyers going to want to take longer so to build more. Your lawyers are going to want to take longer so they can build more. Um and they're going to they're going to if you give them the choice to argue about a legal point, who's right and who's wrong, they can do that for eternity. All right? So you as the the founder, as the lead of this deal, you need to say to everyone, guys, we've already agreed to XYZ. The only problem is this small point. Can we [ __ ] just agree to it and move on? You need to be the one to drive it. There's a saying in M&A, lawyers kill more deals than anything else. And it is very true. Right? This is why I say also with your offer, your NBIO or your LOI, try to raise as many conditions or terms up front. So then when you get to the contract, you're not spending 6 months just negotiating on points because you've already done that at the start. And when you do it at the start on a on the nonbinding basis, in them in a seller's mind, they're not thinking about they're not thinking that. They're not thinking that, oh, this is a non-binding document. They're just thinking, oh, I've already negotiated with this guy, with Josh, and we've already agreed to this point, so I'm going to honor my word. Like, most most professionals and most people in business will honor their wound. Obviously, you have to do your own research, watch out, protect your neck, and there are going to be snakes out there. But yeah, long story short, be the one to push for the decisions cuz everyone's going to want to waste time. Postacquisition, now the real work begins. Make finding the deals and closing them is actually not that difficult. You just need to know what to say and be able to time time things well. The real work actually starts when you own the business and you need to [ __ ] run it. You need to operate it. You need you're the you're the head decision maker, right? It doesn't matter if there's a a CEO and a manager in the business to manage it. What if they leave, right? What if the CEO and the manager leaves? You're the one that owns the company. You need to be the one that's responsible. So, this is where the real work begins. This buying the business, buying the visit is just the beginning. Your success will ultimately be determined by how how well you operate, improve, and grow the company after acquisition. Focus on quick wins in the first 90 days while developing a longerterm strategic plan. So, I've got this little pyramid here. This is a very nice snapshot of what you should be doing as soon as you buy a company. First thing, operations, stabilizing and optimizing core business functions. So, what I mean here is if you're buying a business that's already profitable, already running, that's been doing that thing for 10, 20, 30 years, you don't want to come in and scrap everything, right? It's already making money. It's already profitable. It's already working. You just want to stabilize and optimize and make everything a little bit more efficient. At this stage, you don't need you don't necessarily need to do a full overhaul of the systems and the processes, but actually just making a start. You know, for example, you know, there might be one process in the business that has like five steps, but you come into the business with fresh eyes and you you see like no, this process can actually be done in three steps. We can get rid of these two other steps and that that might save x amount of dollars or x amount of hours per week, right? So now you're starting to improve the business on a very nominal basis. Second focus point is team building. So you want to retain key staff and add talent to support growth. Um you kind of do this in parallel. Build the team and and the operations cuz they go hand in hand. You need people to operate the business. Um so you can you're probably going to be doing this hand in hand, right? Are you going to be developing the relationships with your staff um but also building out their workflow um in line with their work systems. Overall, the idea is value creation. That's the that's the end goal of every business unit that we acquire as well as the overall goal of the bull of why we're buying companies. We're creating value. wait implementing strategic improvements to increase EPIDA and our multiple I recently shared something on the telegram channel you there was a big company here in Australia called chemist warehouse they did a reverse takeover they bought uh 85% of another company and their multiple valuation went from like something like 12 times multiple to a 17 times multiple simply by making an acquisition So that that was the CEO's thought process, right? Like I can we can spend $30 billion to buy a company, but us spending $30 billion buy this company has just put five times on our multiple valuation which could be many more billions more than 30. Right? So this is how you got to think about your business when you're when you're buying that. Can you build the operations? Can you build the team? And with these two uh results like can you result in more value being created aka higher profit margins and a higher multiple valuation. Operational integration best practices broken it down into four kind of key areas. Communicate, evaluate, prioritize and monitor. So, communicate your chances are you're going to be going into traditional industries. Traditional industries means that there's lots of [ __ ] staff and people are required basically every level. So, everything you do will require communication between stakeholders and employees. So, communication, if you can set up good communication channels throughout the company from, you know, you as the founder all the way through to the janitor, great. You need clear channels of communication. Evaluate, assess team capabilities. Um, you want to keep the winners and ditch the losers. It's as simple as that. Don't try not to get personal with it. Um, you're a businessman. You're a business man or woman. You you're buying companies. You're a business. You're trying to make money and you're trying to create value uh as an enterprise. Try not to get cursel with firing or hiring. This is if people are losing money for the company, they need to go. Simple as that. Prioritize. Focus on critical issues. Here's where a lot of people get stuck in business, especially in the small business world. A lot of small business owners, they focus on things that don't move the needle. They don't bring in cash or don't really make an impact on the company. They do things because someone on Facebook or Instagram told them to or some, you know, some guru suggested that they need to do XYZ to, you know, be relevant in 2025 and they fall into this trap of like doing useless things, people things that aren't directly correlated to money generating activity. Next thing is monitor. So make sure you actually establish key metrics that you want to track and track them religiously. That should be more your focus as the boss of the company not actually working in the company but working on the company by managing the key metrics of the company. For for example in healthcare where we make money based on how many people we see in private practice if we want to make more money we need to see more people. So I need to market more. I need to make us more visible. I need to make it easier for people to book it online. These are the metrics I'm looking at. So the first 100 days after acquisition are critical. You start with open communication to all employees explaining vision while addressing concerns. Create a detailed 100 day plan with specific milestones and accountabilities. Get your board to help you with this. Um and your accounting and legal firm should also have services to help you build your business. For example, your accounting firm should have virtual CFO bit services where it ranges from general bookkeeping, you know, junior stuff all the way to more highle executive functions. So, use your board, use your accountants, use your lawyers to help you operate and run the business. And chances are that you won't even be the one running it. You look for businesses with management established, right? So you have to have someone managing the dayto-day. You're just you're the orchestrator, right? You're orchestrating the play. I'm not going to talk about this asset management. Each company you acquired is an asset. I already touched on this. A unit, a revenue engine in a roller. Your job as a founder is to grow the value of each one and over time consolidate them into a welloiled ecosystem. That's how enterprise value multiplies. Focus on managing the company at the portfolio level, not playing operator in every company. Think like a capital allocator, not a technician. Your role as a founder is to lead do. So, three things to build your company. An executive team who can run the business better than you ever could. I touched on this earlier with building your board. If you can do it from the start, great. If you can't wait until you close a deal, then start bringing people on to work as executives. Um, a tip here, this executives need to be paid a salary, right? They need to be paid because they're doing work for you as employees of the company. Pay them a commensurate salary to the company. Commensurate to the size of the company. So, whatever size the company is at, their salary grows. And that's how you hook them in. Specialist consultants and professionals to tighten systems, unlock margins and drive strategic growth. So again, these come from your accounting or legal firms or even there are specialized services out there. For example, if you want to go into construction, there are specialized management construction or construction industry management consultants, right? Who can come in and help you with all these kind of gig [ __ ] right? KPIs and margins and all that all that [ __ ] Clear reporting lines and accountability to ensure every asset performs and integrates towards a bigger goal. So it goes back to my point about KPIs. Make sure you have clear clear goals like clear metrics that you're tracking and clear destinations that you're trying to go. Uh this helps you your company and your staff. Your job should only boil down to three things. leading people, getting deals, and getting money. In a perfect world, these are the only things you focus on in your company. Now, I say perfect world because [ __ ] happens and sometimes you'll get dragged into company affairs. But these are the three main functions of you as the founder. Leading people, you're the orchestrator, orchestrate the orchestrate the play, get deals, right? You're trying to find deals. You're trying you're finding deals. You're finding deals to close and get money. You got to get money to close the deals and grow the company. That's the only things you should focus on. Exit positioning strategy. Okay, we're nearing the end of it. Almost wrapping up. Exit positioning. So, define your exit goals. Determine your timeline, valuation targets, and preferred exit type. So, timeline, you know, I mentioned 5 to 10 years. Can you do it in less? You want to take longer? You want to build a bigger company? Valuation targets, right? What multiples you looking at um when you buy? And what multiples are you looking at when you exit? So, if you want to do it quickly, you could be buying that three to five times and you sell 8 to 10 times for a quick flip within that 3 to 5 year range. You know, that that's not a lot of time to build a big group. Um so, the the multiple arbitrage isn't quite there. uh but maybe you spend a little bit more time. Yeah, your timeline maybe you give yourself 10 to 15 years valuation targets. So you're buying companies at three to five times and maybe you talk to some private equity guys and say hey maybe in 10 years time if I've got XYZ done you know what are the valuation targets that we can see or what are the valuation multiples that we can see um and preferred exit type. Uh what I mean by this is whether you want to go IPO or whether you want to go um industry sale, right? Whether you want to list on a public exchange or whether you want to sell to a strategic investor or buyer, build value drivers. So once you identify where you're going, where you're heading, it doesn't need to be concrete. This this going to this might change over time. Um you can get your board input, but once you once you clarify where you're going, build value drivers. So focus on growth, profitability, scalability, and defensibility. Focus on things that actually move the needle. So you look at this on a micro and macro level. Micro level, you know, um each business unit, how much revenue, how what's the profit margin, you know, what are the costs we can cut? How do we drive revenue? And if you do this across every unit, then you ultimately grow your enterprise value. the a big a part of the value driver for most people is integration. Like if you're rolling up a company, the big value behind it is the integrated back end, right? Everything in the back end is integrated. Um it's pretty seamless across site to site, right? It's the they're using the same like platforms and tools and systems. Um yeah, you can put one staff member one site to another site and there's no big impact in the way they do things. That is one big value driver integration. Identify buyers. So research strategic acquirers and financial investors in your space. Uh once you kind of get to a certain point when you're thinking about exit, start talking to the private equity guys to the big companies and having that discussion like how much would you pay for a company like mine? What would you need to pay you know the price you want? um and to just start researching what you might need to do as a company to reach your goals and prepare for scrutiny. So the ideal practice is from day one from your very first deal that you're operating already like a public company. So all your financials, all your stuff uh audit ready, right? So you're not running it like a typical small business where you're putting personal expenses and [ __ ] through the business and you're doing dodgy things, right? Prepare for scrutiny in the sense where you're preparing for the exit from day one. So try to line everything up from day one so you can extract as much value as you can come exit time. Finding your target industry. Okay. So how do you actually find your industry? You want to get into into all this? How do you find your target industry? Fragmented markets. So look for industries with many small players. This is 1 to 5 million revenue and various dominant companies. These present the best roar. Um for example in healthcare in Australia, we have over 25,000 clinics, individual clinics in Australia. 25,000. Now in my mind all I need is 100 to 200 to make 100 $500 million right so to me this is a healthcare is a very fragmented market across most developed countries um so that very healthcare is very low and there's lots of verticals go down as well so these companies that are longstanding but you know what does fragmented mean fragmented means lots of individual idual businesses, lots of individual owners rather than something like uh like a Walmart, you know, the supermarket industry has been like consolidated, right? Monopolized. Um so supermarkets are not fragmented markets whereas clinics are fragmented markets or landscaping services, they're fragmented markets. Uh recession resistance sectors, technological transition. I'm not going to hop too much about these points. You can you can go into chat GBT and literally just plug this slide in and give be like give me a list of you know 10 industries that I can go into that fit the bill. The it's I don't nerd out on this kind of stuff, the industry trends and all that [ __ ] I don't I don't worry about it. I like to live uh by saying don't confuse me with the [ __ ] facts. So yeah, uh if you're struggling to find a target industry, if you're genuinely brain dead, you don't know how to just pick an industry and say, "Yep, I'll do this. I'll do this industry." Cuz it's all the [ __ ] same, just plug it into Chad JBT. Get this slide and plug it into Chad JBT and give me and say, "Give me a list of 10 industries that fit this criteria that I should roll off." Common acquisition mistakes to avoid. You can go through these yourself. financing structure comparison. Again, go through this [ __ ] yourself. Um, if you don't understand these things, chat, Google. The whole point of this is to just give you a snapshot of, you know, the different financing tools you can use. Okay, so we've reached the end, guys. Thank you for staying to the end with me if you have. Now, are you ready? So, this is this is the key steps recap. So, first thing you do is build your board. So, assemble industry expert to bring credibility and connections to your acquisition strategy. Use LinkedIn outreach numbers g your professional team. So, these your attorneys, accountants, and advisers with transaction experience in your target industry. So remember, make sure that top 25 elite firms uh try to get contacts from your board. Secure financing, cultivate relationship with lenders before you need capital. Understand various funding structures. So you want to roll up the money before you need the money. So when you do need the money, you're not begging for it. You're inviting people to take a position. Sourcing opportunities. Identify potential sellers through targeted outreach campaigns. Networking is crucial here. So you can find sellers basically anywhere and everywhere through your board, your accountant, your lawyers, industry, and networking events. The best way to do it is just called outbound. So call and email. Structure the deal. Use tools to close funding gaps. Leverage earnouts. Seller financing and creative terms. Every deal is going to look a little bit different. It depends on It depends on how willing you are to work with these sellers to negotiate a deal. You can be a harder ass and just do one offer, take it or leave it, or you can be the type to negotiate. I would suggest being more on the hard ass side um because it's just easier and you you just stop wasting time. You know, you present offers that you're willing to move on. So for example, after you interview your banks um and you understand the general lending parameters, you structure deals according to those lending parameters and you made offers. You make offers based on those based on what's available to you. Sellers don't like it. Next, you're looking, especially if we're looking at fragmented markets where there are thousands of businesses you can choose from. It doesn't matter if if you if half the market says no to you, you only need you only need a quarter to get, you know, [ __ ] wealthy. So, next step, conduct due diligence. Thoroughly investigate all aspects of the business to avoid costly surprises. This is incredibly important and if you've picked the right board and the right professionals, this should not be a problem at all. Uh this is also how you start learning about the business. So when you start looking at deals and you go through due diligence, that's how you personally learn about business. Close and integrate. After due diligence, execute the transaction and carefully manage the post acquisition transition period. I would always highly recommend your first 3 to 6 months after buying the business if you've never been in business, right? If you're a complete beginner, is to actually live and breathe that business for 3 to 6 months as the founder, you should be the leader. Step in the into the trenches and learn the business from the ground up because that way that puts you in a better position to lead your team and see that you're actually a part of this and you're involved and you're not just some guy that's trying to get rich. you're you're genuinely interested. You're genuinely interested in building something worthwhile. So that's my suggestion. In first 90 to 180 days, live and breathe the business. Be actively involved. So fastest path to next deal. I'm not going to spend too much time on this. This is a little pitch to join our my private network, the owners club. So, the owner's clone, it's expert guidance, comprehensive resource, resources, supportive community. Um, you literally get everything from A to Z to help you close deals. It doesn't matter whether you're beginner, no money, no experience, or you already have a profitable cash flowing company will teach you how to close deals and build millions and millions of dollars of wealth and even billions of dollars. for some of you if you guys want to join. Uh I'm not going to go through all this [ __ ] If you guys do want to join to become a members of the ONX owners club, all you need to do is apply and pay. We have limited intake spots every month. We're not going to accept everyone. Um, so you do need to complete an application form and pay uh before we screen you for your membership. If you if you don't accept it, you do get your money back and there's no there's no cost to you, so you don't need to worry about that. Um, but if you do want to join, this is literally the best the best offer that I've seen for M&A on the internet. I don't think anyone else is offering to give you all the resources and guidance to help you close deals, but also connect you with lenders, connect you with investors, and connect you with a network of other M&A focused entrepreneurs, right? Who are doing the exact same thing that you would be doing um across different industries, AC across different countries. Um so right now we have over 20 members. Now we're already global. We've got members across across the world. We're already across many different industries and I've already been able to learn so much that I've been able to apply in my business now. Um, and I'm I've been seeing really great results and using some of the learnings that I've gotten from some of our new members. I'm about to make a few million dollars off one a recent uh off a deal that I'm working on. Sorry, I'm mixing up my words now. Thinking about too much and I've spoken too much [ __ ] So, let me wrap it up. If you want to join the owners club, you want end to end help, support, and basically everything you need to close deals and make your first million, 10 million, $50 million, then join the owner's club. This is the place to be. We've got multi-millionaires all across the world ready to help you. If you want to join, you can DM. Did I put a little tag here? No, I didn't. Yes, I did. or you can DM me at the Josh Lee, that's the Josh Li on Telegram. DM one of us, say you want to join and we'll get the ball rolling and I look forward to having you with us. So whether you're following the model, you want to go do this by yourself, it's going to take you [ __ ] ages to learn all the intricacies. I know for a fact if you join the owners club today that in the next 30 days, you're going to have all the clarity and insights you need to follow the model. Exactly. And you're going to have access to a network of meet people like me, other multi-millionaires completing deals all around the world to help support you and make sure you're doing the right thing. That is your fastest path to a deal closed is join the owners club. No [ __ ] Fastest path to a deal closed. Do you want to join? 

Hey guys, welcome to another video. I'm going to be getting a little bit more tactical today. I'm going to show you a deal structure and also a use case with AI. So, in this case, I'm using Claude. Uh, I'm not using Chad GP anymore. Claude has done something. I'm not a tech guy, but they've done something. Claude is just so much better with numbers and memory and everything. Uh, so I'm using Claude now and it's been helping me save a lot of time, especially when it comes to working through numbers and and layers of formulations and numbers. Uh, but today I'm going to take you through just a live example of this actual deal that we closed. I'm going to take you through our rationale and ultimately how we're using it with the AI. Um, so this is a proven deal, by the way, guys. So, feel free to take this deal and run with it. This is something I call the Kingly 36 special. The Kingly 36 special. Anyway, let's get into it. So, this is the the first thing that I did here in this chat with Claude. I plugged in my payment schedule for the deal. Right? So, for the deal, we already signed the offer, went through due diligence, we signed the contract. uh we were just finalizing the payment schedule uh because there are when you buy a business there are adjustments that you need to make to the purchase price and that would affect the ultimate purchase price right and which would affect how I'm going to pay the seller back um full disclosure 100% well it's technically a hybrid of a vendor finance and bank finance but I'll take you through it it's 100% vendor finance with uh you know internal component of bank financing. I'll explain it now. So, first thing I did was I plugged in the repayment schedule. I asked Claude to confirm its understanding of the whole document and give me the summary. And this is the structure right here. So, no money down. If you watch my content, you understand that's my whole philosophy. No money down. Right? For the first 6 months, we are paying interest per month, right? For the first 6 months, interest only on the in the interest is based on the purchase price amount, right? So, whatever that amount is, you're paying interest only for the first 6 months. End of month six, we are making what I call balloon one, right? A principal lump sum payment. I call it balloon one. I usually This number is dictated by revenue, percentage of revenue. I like to go 10%. And I'll explain why later. After this balloon payment, we go month 7 to 23. PNI, this is principal in interest. 3.3K per month. End of month 24. This is balloon 2. Another lump sum payment taken off the principal. And then months 25 to 35, monthly PNI payments 1,500. And then boom, after the full three years, we make a final balloon payment of the outstanding balance. Now, this is actually the incorrect figures here because the AI has assumed some things. So, the next part is I just gave it some more context and I gave it the full structure as to how I want how I want the structure, right? Because my goal my goal doing it with the AI is so that it remembers. And now I can refer to it anytime I want and just say, "Hey, I want a Kingly 36 special and I can just feed it certain variables and it'll be able to just give me the deal structure without me having to go in and calculate all the numbers again." Right? But anyway, I'm going to explain the deal structure in a bit more detail here. So structure is as follows. It's four times EBIDA as a starting purchase price. Um and then I said of course minus any deductions i.e. unneeded income and employee leave. So unearned income if you if the business gets money for services but the services haven't been delivered yet. So i.e. the customers are still owed their product or service that income is technically unearned, right? And this is just an accounting accounting thing. Uh but when you're when we're buying the business, we have to make these adjustments to the purchase price, right? Because if if you're not understanding yet and I'll explain it in a bit more detail. If a customer pays you money and you still owe them the product or the service and now let's say I buy the company and this this customer is still owed the service. If we don't make the adjustment to the purchase price so i.e. reducing the purchase price by however much money that we have paid by that customer, then we would effectively be giving that customer free service, right? We're paying the full price for the business and we're inheriting a customer that is still owed a product or service. So, think about that, right? We we need to make these adjustments when we're buying a business. So, that's one of the big adjustments you'll need to make. Unearned income. So this is very typical with companies that sell packages. Um and then employee leave. So stuff you know they they acrew leave. Um I don't know what the terms are in in the US and Europe. It escapes me right now. But in Australia we call it your staff entitlements. Your annual leave, your personal leave. These are balances that the previous employer, so the seller can either pay out himself or the new employer, the buyer can inherit those balances, right? Which is the most the more common practice. Anyway, that's another video in itself. Um, the interest rate on the this vendor loan, I want it to match standard commercial rates. And now let's call it 8%. So I've also given um this little instruction here to say remember to update this interest rate periodically and keep me updated whenever we mention lending rates. Right? So, anytime I talk to the the AI, anytime we talk about lending rates, I want it to refresh itself and and ask itself like, hey, is 8% still a standard an average rate compared to what's happening globally. The structure must maintain a 1.5 DSCR at all times considering any other debt obligations. I'll explain that in a second. But I want the deal structure. I don't want to be the one. I want AI to do that for me. I want the AI to put that safeguard, that ra the rail guard in this deal structure for me. So, I know at all times I'm I'm meeting my DSCR uh ratio that I want, right? At least 1.5. If you've been following my content, been watching my [ __ ] you know that 1.5 DSCR is the minimum that I recommend. So, the first six months, I already explained interest only. end 6 months is the first balloon 10% of revenue. I'm aiming to fund most of it via bank loan just to give the AI a number. I've put 75%. Now why 10% of revenue? The reason I've done I've come up with this structure this 3 years vendor vendor finance um interest only for the first period you know balloon payments. Why have I put the balloon payments here? Why have I made a principal in interest for the next periods? So the first balloon payment, it's because I've done my homework. I've gone through to the lenders in Australia and I've understood what the general lending climate is. Right? So here in Australia, we have a lot of lenders, especially the online lenders, one of their criterias is you need to be in business for at least 6 months. Once you once you've satisfied that criteria, if you're making money and you're profitable, they basically throw money at you and they will throw 10 to 15% of revenue at you in working capital um as as a as an overdraft in a term loan, basically however you want it. Right? So I I know that 90% of the lenders out there will fund 10 to 15% of revenue after 6 months in business. Right? I've done my homework. I've spoken to dozens of lenders and I've confirmed this for myself. I've asked multiple bankers at the same banks and I've gotten my answer. Right? So part of part of being a good deal maker is you need to go you you need to go make deals, right? You need to understand what's out there. You can't you can't make deals if you don't understand what's out there, right? And a big part of deal making is the money. So, you need to understand what capital resources are available to you. And I did that and I was able to come up with this structure. I've never seen anyone use this structure before. [snorts] Um, this structure was inspired, you know, partly with other components such as the interestonly component. That's a very smart move. Um because it's no money down the sell giving the seller interestonly payments like giving them something is better than nothing. For example, with one of my deals for the first 9 months I didn't make any payments. Um the seller accepted it fine, but you know we've this is this is a different business and I don't know may maybe I felt bad, right? But I I think this is a good structure because it just alleviates this seller concern about, oh, where's my money? Because at least they're getting something for the first 6 months and then boom, once that 6 months goes, they get a lump sum payment of 10% of revenue. In this case, we're giving this guy a um ju just under 90K. Just under 90K in a lump sum, right? And we're going to fund most of it via a bank loan. So, we already know I already know that the bank will would fund this full amount, but I'd like to reduce our debt. Right? If we have the cash and we don't need the cash and we can put the cash towards the deal, then we can do that. Uh, bank loan assumptions, right? So, if we're getting these balloons funded by the banks, we need to put some assumptions for this calculator, right? Because if the calculator is going to maintain this 1.5 DSCR at all times considering any other debt obligations, we've got to feed it the right information. So I'm assuming 5 years and 10% for these bank loans, which is going back to my first point. I've done my homework. I know what the banks are offering for loans like this. 5 years at 10% is very reasonable and quite fair for both sides, right? So monthly payments, principal and interest. And I've put another note here for the AI to say remember to consider these payments as part of the DSCR and how much we can pay the vendor in the following periods. So months 7 to 23 are principal and interest payments to the vendor. If I don't specify this bank loan consideration, then the AI is just going to give me the full 1.5DSCR payable to the vendor without considering how much money we need to pay back the bank at the same time. Right? So, I'm getting the AI to consider how much we need to pay the bank. So, it can calculate, all right, what whatever that that amount is, 5 years, 10% monthly, it'll calculate how much that is per month. And then it's going to consider, okay, if you want to meet that 1.5 DSCR, we've already considered the bank loan. And then now you have this much left over. That's what we're doing here. And then month 7 to 23 that it calculates that considering the bank loan, it gives me the amount end of month 24. Same thing with the first balloon. Instead, instead of 10% revenue, we're going 15% of revenue. Uh we'll aim to fund most of it via bank loan. We can put some cash in it. That's okay. Same assumptions. 5 years 10%. Um, where were we? And then same thing, months 25 to 35, PNI payments to vendor. Now we're considering payments from both loans, right? And then boom, final final balloon payment to clear the balance entirely funded by bank loan. And I've just given mention to the AI. It doesn't need it for its calculations, but I figure it's helpful to hold it into hold it in memory. Right? So entirely funded by bank loan. Possibly refinance the previous loans into one and extend to 7 to 10 years. But you don't need to worry about this. All right. So in the end, so after the 3 years, what you can do, again, I know this because I've done my homework and I've got relationships with bankers. One thing you can do after 3 years of trading, you've got 3 years of profitable trading history, you've got some lending history, some financing history with whoever you've got the money from the for the bank loans, right? You can go to the bank and say, "Hey, I want to refinance. I want to put all I want to consolidate my debt." You might even be able to go to another bank, a different bank, and say, "I want to consolidate my debt, these two balloon payments, plus add another um amount to it to clear the the balance here." [snorts] The reason why we're structuring it like this is because the, as I said, the banks will throw money at you for after 6 months, 10 to 15%. after two years. So, end month 24, we're getting a second balloon payment. Two years of trading history for them to give you 15% of revenue. Easy. Any bank will do that. End month 36, you're clearing the balance. It's you're not after that much money. You've got 3 years of trading, profitable trading history. You go back to the same lender or a different lender. You go, "Hey, I've been running this business. We've got these loans. We want to consolidate our debt and we want to extend the loan terms to alleviate cash flow burdens, right? So, we're going from 5-year loan terms in if we can push the 5year loan terms through to 7 to 10 years, then we're reducing our monthly and annual payments, right? So, we're making more profit in our business by reducing our debt payments in the end. Okay? So, this is the rationale. This is how I've structured the deal and this is how I'm using the AI how I'm talking to it. Okay, so I fed this in and boom, I I always ask AI before you start [ __ ] confirm your understanding of this, right? It's giving me its understanding. Boom. Boom. I'm very happy with its understanding. All right, it's asked me to clarify some things and I've done that. Now, after a little bit of tinkering, after a little bit of tinkering, I've fed it uh the the correct adjustments. Right? So, here are the adjustments that we're making to the purchase price. We're buying the business original purchase price 400K. We're minus 23K for the staff entitlement. So, for staff leave, minus 34,000 in unearned income, but we're adding back 23K for security deposit. What is the security deposit? It is the lease deposit, right? So, when you rent, when you rent, they typically ask for a deposit of 3 months. Um, in this case, we've just done something very smart here. Rather than the seller getting their security deposit back, and then us having to, you know, pay the landlord again, put the security deposit back. We're just going to keep the current owner's security deposit with the landlord and he'll just trans we'll just use that, right? So, we're just going to add that back to the purchase price. We'll pay him back via the purchase price. Uh, and now after all the tinkering, we've come up with this and say, I I really like the way Claude presents data and information and I've asked it to compare it to the original payment schedule that I uploaded and it's giving me a comparison. It's given me some commentary as to what changed. Um, and it's all pretty standard, right? And what's worth showing you here? I have. [sighs] So the per the reason why I did this is to get reference for myself for anyone involved as well as the seller. Um the payout the payment schedule. All right. So this is some this is I have asked Claude to give me a full schedule of the payments. to the vendor. And now I'm going to give this to the vendor. So anytime he wants to think about or look look at how much money he's going to get paid, he can refer to this document. And this is the document will refer to um for my accounts and whatnot when they make the payments out from our bank accounts. So isn't isn't this great? Right? Claude has saved so much time. I don't need to. You see how many layers of um loans and calculations there are in this deal structure. Now I'm able to come back to Claude. I can just feed it EBID. I can feed it revenue. I can feed it percentage uh interest rate. I can feed it uh the adjustments, right? The adjustments to make to the purchase price. Now I can feed all that and it can just give me the deal structure. So I can I can give it my offer template, my term sheet template, my contract templates, all my templates and just say here here are the numbers. Give apply the Kingly 36 special um deal structure on on these numbers. It'll do that. Then I'll I can ask, hey, give me give me the the offer. Give me the the term sheet for the for me and the seller to sign. Um, hey, hey Claude, we've we've just signed the contract. We need the final payment schedule. Here are all the final adjustments. Give me the full payment schedule now. Right? So, you see how much time this can save you. And all you need to do is you do the manual work of finding the key pieces of information to plug into the bot. Okay. Um, and now rather than me, I guess just typing data, I've asked Claude to make a calculator. So here, you know, I can I can change this figure, right? I can just change this figure. I can change this figure. These are all the variable inputs that I can change. And you already saw that, right? As I change these numbers, all these other numbers get changed to. So now every time I I look at deals and I apply the same deal structure, I don't need to go back and recalculate the first part, the second part, the third part. I can just plug in my numbers and boom, it gives me the full schedule for the full 3 years, for the full deal structure, right? Um, and now you can you can go even further than this. You can build a full app, I guess, I guess your deal making app via Claude, via your your AIS. You can give it the right instructions, and that's all it's about. Give it the right instructions, give the right templates, and off you go. Uh, I've just given you a quick example of how I use it. I don't geek out too much, but as you can see, even just in in I don't know, this was like less than an hour's worth of prompting and just reviewing, you're able to come up with something that can save you hours and hours down the track. Um so that that's how you can apply deal structures um using AI how you can save a lot of time how you can make deal making 10 times easier. Now, this is the kind of stuff the these are the tools uh that Yeah, let me rewind. My business partner has made tools that are 10 times better than this. If you think this is cool, wait till you see what we have for our clients and students, right? My business partner is really good with this stuff. He's created all these tools specifically for dealmakers to save you time and to make you make you seem like a god, right? I'll share something with you. Most people take 48 to 72 hours to respond and come back to you with things like this, right? With documents, with signing, with structures, people take several days to come back. But with this stuff, uh me, my my group of guys, my clients, my students, we can get back to people same day, within the within the hour. And what what would normally take people hours to do, we can get all this stuff done in minutes because we've set up all these tools, all these calculators, all these templates for you to use. And I don't think anyone else is doing that. So, if you want access to all these tools, all these calculators, all these templates, you can join our private community or you can work with me one-on-one. All the details to work with me are in the description below. Uh, but this is for dealmakers only. Serious dealmakers only. It's not if you're looking to get into deal making, it's not for you. This is for you if you're serious about business. U, maybe if you've bought businesses before, maybe you're looking at deals now. if that's you or if you run run a business now and you're looking to grow via acquisition, head over to the description if you want more access to tools like this, to more insights like this. And if you want to work directly with me, head over there. U but otherwise, I hope you got a lot of value out of this. Um I hope you can so switch over from chat [ __ ] to claude [ __ ] Claude [ __ ] is 10 times better, much better with the numbers. It's not delusional. Um, and I feel like it it treats it treats source material much better. So the documents and materials that you upload, I feel like it respects the integrity of those documents a lot more than chat GBT. Chat GBT and the other AIs I feel hallucinate a whole lot, especially when you feed it numbers. Uh, but yeah, Claude's been great. Claude saved me a lot of time. U, I hope you've got a lot of value through just watching, right? how how I prompt it, how I'm feeding it, how I'm talking to it, and the materials that I'm feeding it. So, re-watch this video if you need. Otherwise, hope you got a lot of value, and go in the description if you want to work with me and get access to more secret source. Here's to your success. Thank you.Hey guys, welcome to another video. I'm going to be getting a little bit more tactical today. I'm going to show you a deal structure and also a use case with AI. So, in this case, I'm using Claude. Uh, I'm not using Chad GP anymore. Claude has done something. I'm not a tech guy, but they've done something. Claude is just so much better with numbers and memory and everything. Uh, so I'm using Claude now and it's been helping me save a lot of time, especially when it comes to working through numbers and and layers of formulations and numbers. Uh, but today I'm going to take you through just a live example of this actual deal that we closed. I'm going to take you through our rationale and ultimately how we're using it with the AI. Um, so this is a proven deal, by the way, guys. So, feel free to take this deal and run with it. This is something I call the Kingly 36 special. The Kingly 36 special. Anyway, let's get into it. So, this is the the first thing that I did here in this chat with Claude. I plugged in my payment schedule for the deal. Right? So, for the deal, we already signed the offer, went through due diligence, we signed the contract. uh we were just finalizing the payment schedule uh because there are when you buy a business there are adjustments that you need to make to the purchase price and that would affect the ultimate purchase price right and which would affect how I'm going to pay the seller back um full disclosure 100% well it's technically a hybrid of a vendor finance and bank finance but I'll take you through it it's 100% vendor finance with uh you know internal component of bank financing. I'll explain it now. So, first thing I did was I plugged in the repayment schedule. I asked Claude to confirm its understanding of the whole document and give me the summary. And this is the structure right here. So, no money down. If you watch my content, you understand that's my whole philosophy. No money down. Right? For the first 6 months, we are paying interest per month, right? For the first 6 months, interest only on the in the interest is based on the purchase price amount, right? So, whatever that amount is, you're paying interest only for the first 6 months. End of month six, we are making what I call balloon one, right? A principal lump sum payment. I call it balloon one. I usually This number is dictated by revenue, percentage of revenue. I like to go 10%. And I'll explain why later. After this balloon payment, we go month 7 to 23. PNI, this is principal in interest. 3.3K per month. End of month 24. This is balloon 2. Another lump sum payment taken off the principal. And then months 25 to 35, monthly PNI payments 1,500. And then boom, after the full three years, we make a final balloon payment of the outstanding balance. Now, this is actually the incorrect figures here because the AI has assumed some things. So, the next part is I just gave it some more context and I gave it the full structure as to how I want how I want the structure, right? Because my goal my goal doing it with the AI is so that it remembers. And now I can refer to it anytime I want and just say, "Hey, I want a Kingly 36 special and I can just feed it certain variables and it'll be able to just give me the deal structure without me having to go in and calculate all the numbers again." Right? But anyway, I'm going to explain the deal structure in a bit more detail here. So structure is as follows. It's four times EBIDA as a starting purchase price. Um and then I said of course minus any deductions i.e. unneeded income and employee leave. So unearned income if you if the business gets money for services but the services haven't been delivered yet. So i.e. the customers are still owed their product or service that income is technically unearned, right? And this is just an accounting accounting thing. Uh but when you're when we're buying the business, we have to make these adjustments to the purchase price, right? Because if if you're not understanding yet and I'll explain it in a bit more detail. If a customer pays you money and you still owe them the product or the service and now let's say I buy the company and this this customer is still owed the service. If we don't make the adjustment to the purchase price so i.e. reducing the purchase price by however much money that we have paid by that customer, then we would effectively be giving that customer free service, right? We're paying the full price for the business and we're inheriting a customer that is still owed a product or service. So, think about that, right? We we need to make these adjustments when we're buying a business. So, that's one of the big adjustments you'll need to make. Unearned income. So this is very typical with companies that sell packages. Um and then employee leave. So stuff you know they they acrew leave. Um I don't know what the terms are in in the US and Europe. It escapes me right now. But in Australia we call it your staff entitlements. Your annual leave, your personal leave. These are balances that the previous employer, so the seller can either pay out himself or the new employer, the buyer can inherit those balances, right? Which is the most the more common practice. Anyway, that's another video in itself. Um, the interest rate on the this vendor loan, I want it to match standard commercial rates. And now let's call it 8%. So I've also given um this little instruction here to say remember to update this interest rate periodically and keep me updated whenever we mention lending rates. Right? So, anytime I talk to the the AI, anytime we talk about lending rates, I want it to refresh itself and and ask itself like, hey, is 8% still a standard an average rate compared to what's happening globally. The structure must maintain a 1.5 DSCR at all times considering any other debt obligations. I'll explain that in a second. But I want the deal structure. I don't want to be the one. I want AI to do that for me. I want the AI to put that safeguard, that ra the rail guard in this deal structure for me. So, I know at all times I'm I'm meeting my DSCR uh ratio that I want, right? At least 1.5. If you've been following my content, been watching my [ __ ] you know that 1.5 DSCR is the minimum that I recommend. So, the first six months, I already explained interest only. end 6 months is the first balloon 10% of revenue. I'm aiming to fund most of it via bank loan just to give the AI a number. I've put 75%. Now why 10% of revenue? The reason I've done I've come up with this structure this 3 years vendor vendor finance um interest only for the first period you know balloon payments. Why have I put the balloon payments here? Why have I made a principal in interest for the next periods? So the first balloon payment, it's because I've done my homework. I've gone through to the lenders in Australia and I've understood what the general lending climate is. Right? So here in Australia, we have a lot of lenders, especially the online lenders, one of their criterias is you need to be in business for at least 6 months. Once you once you've satisfied that criteria, if you're making money and you're profitable, they basically throw money at you and they will throw 10 to 15% of revenue at you in working capital um as as a as an overdraft in a term loan, basically however you want it. Right? So I I know that 90% of the lenders out there will fund 10 to 15% of revenue after 6 months in business. Right? I've done my homework. I've spoken to dozens of lenders and I've confirmed this for myself. I've asked multiple bankers at the same banks and I've gotten my answer. Right? So part of part of being a good deal maker is you need to go you you need to go make deals, right? You need to understand what's out there. You can't you can't make deals if you don't understand what's out there, right? And a big part of deal making is the money. So, you need to understand what capital resources are available to you. And I did that and I was able to come up with this structure. I've never seen anyone use this structure before. [snorts] Um, this structure was inspired, you know, partly with other components such as the interestonly component. That's a very smart move. Um because it's no money down the sell giving the seller interestonly payments like giving them something is better than nothing. For example, with one of my deals for the first 9 months I didn't make any payments. Um the seller accepted it fine, but you know we've this is this is a different business and I don't know may maybe I felt bad, right? But I I think this is a good structure because it just alleviates this seller concern about, oh, where's my money? Because at least they're getting something for the first 6 months and then boom, once that 6 months goes, they get a lump sum payment of 10% of revenue. In this case, we're giving this guy a um ju just under 90K. Just under 90K in a lump sum, right? And we're going to fund most of it via a bank loan. So, we already know I already know that the bank will would fund this full amount, but I'd like to reduce our debt. Right? If we have the cash and we don't need the cash and we can put the cash towards the deal, then we can do that. Uh, bank loan assumptions, right? So, if we're getting these balloons funded by the banks, we need to put some assumptions for this calculator, right? Because if the calculator is going to maintain this 1.5 DSCR at all times considering any other debt obligations, we've got to feed it the right information. So I'm assuming 5 years and 10% for these bank loans, which is going back to my first point. I've done my homework. I know what the banks are offering for loans like this. 5 years at 10% is very reasonable and quite fair for both sides, right? So monthly payments, principal and interest. And I've put another note here for the AI to say remember to consider these payments as part of the DSCR and how much we can pay the vendor in the following periods. So months 7 to 23 are principal and interest payments to the vendor. If I don't specify this bank loan consideration, then the AI is just going to give me the full 1.5DSCR payable to the vendor without considering how much money we need to pay back the bank at the same time. Right? So, I'm getting the AI to consider how much we need to pay the bank. So, it can calculate, all right, what whatever that that amount is, 5 years, 10% monthly, it'll calculate how much that is per month. And then it's going to consider, okay, if you want to meet that 1.5 DSCR, we've already considered the bank loan. And then now you have this much left over. That's what we're doing here. And then month 7 to 23 that it calculates that considering the bank loan, it gives me the amount end of month 24. Same thing with the first balloon. Instead, instead of 10% revenue, we're going 15% of revenue. Uh we'll aim to fund most of it via bank loan. We can put some cash in it. That's okay. Same assumptions. 5 years 10%. Um, where were we? And then same thing, months 25 to 35, PNI payments to vendor. Now we're considering payments from both loans, right? And then boom, final final balloon payment to clear the balance entirely funded by bank loan. And I've just given mention to the AI. It doesn't need it for its calculations, but I figure it's helpful to hold it into hold it in memory. Right? So entirely funded by bank loan. Possibly refinance the previous loans into one and extend to 7 to 10 years. But you don't need to worry about this. All right. So in the end, so after the 3 years, what you can do, again, I know this because I've done my homework and I've got relationships with bankers. One thing you can do after 3 years of trading, you've got 3 years of profitable trading history, you've got some lending history, some financing history with whoever you've got the money from the for the bank loans, right? You can go to the bank and say, "Hey, I want to refinance. I want to put all I want to consolidate my debt." You might even be able to go to another bank, a different bank, and say, "I want to consolidate my debt, these two balloon payments, plus add another um amount to it to clear the the balance here." [snorts] The reason why we're structuring it like this is because the, as I said, the banks will throw money at you for after 6 months, 10 to 15%. after two years. So, end month 24, we're getting a second balloon payment. Two years of trading history for them to give you 15% of revenue. Easy. Any bank will do that. End month 36, you're clearing the balance. It's you're not after that much money. You've got 3 years of trading, profitable trading history. You go back to the same lender or a different lender. You go, "Hey, I've been running this business. We've got these loans. We want to consolidate our debt and we want to extend the loan terms to alleviate cash flow burdens, right? So, we're going from 5-year loan terms in if we can push the 5year loan terms through to 7 to 10 years, then we're reducing our monthly and annual payments, right? So, we're making more profit in our business by reducing our debt payments in the end. Okay? So, this is the rationale. This is how I've structured the deal and this is how I'm using the AI how I'm talking to it. Okay, so I fed this in and boom, I I always ask AI before you start [ __ ] confirm your understanding of this, right? It's giving me its understanding. Boom. Boom. I'm very happy with its understanding. All right, it's asked me to clarify some things and I've done that. Now, after a little bit of tinkering, after a little bit of tinkering, I've fed it uh the the correct adjustments. Right? So, here are the adjustments that we're making to the purchase price. We're buying the business original purchase price 400K. We're minus 23K for the staff entitlement. So, for staff leave, minus 34,000 in unearned income, but we're adding back 23K for security deposit. What is the security deposit? It is the lease deposit, right? So, when you rent, when you rent, they typically ask for a deposit of 3 months. Um, in this case, we've just done something very smart here. Rather than the seller getting their security deposit back, and then us having to, you know, pay the landlord again, put the security deposit back. We're just going to keep the current owner's security deposit with the landlord and he'll just trans we'll just use that, right? So, we're just going to add that back to the purchase price. We'll pay him back via the purchase price. Uh, and now after all the tinkering, we've come up with this and say, I I really like the way Claude presents data and information and I've asked it to compare it to the original payment schedule that I uploaded and it's giving me a comparison. It's given me some commentary as to what changed. Um, and it's all pretty standard, right? And what's worth showing you here? I have. [sighs] So the per the reason why I did this is to get reference for myself for anyone involved as well as the seller. Um the payout the payment schedule. All right. So this is some this is I have asked Claude to give me a full schedule of the payments. to the vendor. And now I'm going to give this to the vendor. So anytime he wants to think about or look look at how much money he's going to get paid, he can refer to this document. And this is the document will refer to um for my accounts and whatnot when they make the payments out from our bank accounts. So isn't isn't this great? Right? Claude has saved so much time. I don't need to. You see how many layers of um loans and calculations there are in this deal structure. Now I'm able to come back to Claude. I can just feed it EBID. I can feed it revenue. I can feed it percentage uh interest rate. I can feed it uh the adjustments, right? The adjustments to make to the purchase price. Now I can feed all that and it can just give me the deal structure. So I can I can give it my offer template, my term sheet template, my contract templates, all my templates and just say here here are the numbers. Give apply the Kingly 36 special um deal structure on on these numbers. It'll do that. Then I'll I can ask, hey, give me give me the the offer. Give me the the term sheet for the for me and the seller to sign. Um, hey, hey Claude, we've we've just signed the contract. We need the final payment schedule. Here are all the final adjustments. Give me the full payment schedule now. Right? So, you see how much time this can save you. And all you need to do is you do the manual work of finding the key pieces of information to plug into the bot. Okay. Um, and now rather than me, I guess just typing data, I've asked Claude to make a calculator. So here, you know, I can I can change this figure, right? I can just change this figure. I can change this figure. These are all the variable inputs that I can change. And you already saw that, right? As I change these numbers, all these other numbers get changed to. So now every time I I look at deals and I apply the same deal structure, I don't need to go back and recalculate the first part, the second part, the third part. I can just plug in my numbers and boom, it gives me the full schedule for the full 3 years, for the full deal structure, right? Um, and now you can you can go even further than this. You can build a full app, I guess, I guess your deal making app via Claude, via your your AIS. You can give it the right instructions, and that's all it's about. Give it the right instructions, give the right templates, and off you go. Uh, I've just given you a quick example of how I use it. I don't geek out too much, but as you can see, even just in in I don't know, this was like less than an hour's worth of prompting and just reviewing, you're able to come up with something that can save you hours and hours down the track. Um so that that's how you can apply deal structures um using AI how you can save a lot of time how you can make deal making 10 times easier. Now, this is the kind of stuff the these are the tools uh that Yeah, let me rewind. My business partner has made tools that are 10 times better than this. If you think this is cool, wait till you see what we have for our clients and students, right? My business partner is really good with this stuff. He's created all these tools specifically for dealmakers to save you time and to make you make you seem like a god, right? I'll share something with you. Most people take 48 to 72 hours to respond and come back to you with things like this, right? With documents, with signing, with structures, people take several days to come back. But with this stuff, uh me, my my group of guys, my clients, my students, we can get back to people same day, within the within the hour. And what what would normally take people hours to do, we can get all this stuff done in minutes because we've set up all these tools, all these calculators, all these templates for you to use. And I don't think anyone else is doing that. So, if you want access to all these tools, all these calculators, all these templates, you can join our private community or you can work with me one-on-one. All the details to work with me are in the description below. Uh, but this is for dealmakers only. Serious dealmakers only. It's not if you're looking to get into deal making, it's not for you. This is for you if you're serious about business. U, maybe if you've bought businesses before, maybe you're looking at deals now. if that's you or if you run run a business now and you're looking to grow via acquisition, head over to the description if you want more access to tools like this, to more insights like this. And if you want to work directly with me, head over there. U but otherwise, I hope you got a lot of value out of this. Um I hope you can so switch over from chat [ __ ] to claude [ __ ] Claude [ __ ] is 10 times better, much better with the numbers. It's not delusional. Um, and I feel like it it treats it treats source material much better. So the documents and materials that you upload, I feel like it respects the integrity of those documents a lot more than chat GBT. Chat GBT and the other AIs I feel hallucinate a whole lot, especially when you feed it numbers. Uh, but yeah, Claude's been great. Claude saved me a lot of time. U, I hope you've got a lot of value through just watching, right? how how I prompt it, how I'm feeding it, how I'm talking to it, and the materials that I'm feeding it. So, re-watch this video if you need. Otherwise, hope you got a lot of value, and go in the description if you want to work with me and get access to more secret source. Here's to your success. Thank you.

Mattela Danny Foody8 ate taste. Welcome guys. I'm going to be driving. Feel free to ask me anything about me business, about how you can make money, about how you can buy businesses. I'm happy to answer it all. Or if you're a bit more of an observer, you can just watch me watch me talk [ __ ] Have any other perspectives on life you want me to talk about? then hit me. If you're wondering where the hell I am, where am I driving, I'm driving from one of my clinics. I am in Williamstown, lovely Melbourne, Australia. So today I met with not met but had some meetings with our staff uh with the previous with the previous owner. He is staying on with the business. He's staying on with the business and he's going to help out with the whole transition of the business. So he was the head the head therapist at the clinic. So today we did a lot of um one-on-one meetings with the with the therapists with the other therapists at the clinic. So not one-on-one meetings cuz I had myself and my business partner in those meetings. Um, it's really important, guys, when you're when you're looking at companies or when you're buying companies to set the tone early early on in the early on in the process after you've taken over. Because culture is probably the hardest thing to integrate in any acquisition. All the technical, all the systems, all that stuff, right? All the digital technology, systems, processes, that can all be integrated very easily. What's very hard to integrate is the culture. You know, how people think, how people move, how they behave, what they think is acceptable, what they think is not acceptable. And you'll find you'll find that for long-term success, not just short-term success, make some money now and next year, but to really build an empire that people stick around for, that people believe in, right? Those stories where you hear people working for companies for 5, 10, 20 years. How do you get that loyalty? Nowadays, it's very different to how you got the loyalty back in the day, right? So, your parents, the previous generation, they just worked because it was stable, secure, most likely paying off a mortgage, most likely just need security to look after your [ __ ] stupid ass. But nowadays, the 20-year-olds, the 30year-olds, the the hiring and the expectations and the like why people stay with companies is just so different now. super super different now. Um, how the [ __ ] do I even know who's watching? I see who joins. How do I know if I'm just talking to myself or not? Doesn't really matter. Hey, you're getting value from what I'm saying. Rio, welcome. You can ask me anything about the business, anything about my life. I'm here to serve and provide as much value as possible. I don't recognize any of your names. I do like to try to familiarize myself with as much of my audience as possible because the whole the whole reason why I started this is because I wish I had I wish I had someone like me to tell me how to [ __ ] build my business. Why are Aussie women hotter than NYC women? Ah, I don't know man. How do I make an acquisition in a first world country but from a third world country? H in most developed countries like Australia, US there are foreign ownership rules. So it's there's a lot of work there's a lot of work involved in getting ownership rights. Uh and then say in in the states you can actually get ownership rights but you don't have working rights. So you might not even be able to legally work in your own company that you own um if you haven't set that up correctly. Right. So, you you've just got to really explore you've got to explore the intricacies and the laws in whatever country that you're looking at. Um I mean, what country are you from and what country are you looking to get into? Because every country's kind of got a different pathway depending on their their economic and political relationships, right? For example, Australia. Um, if you're from India, like it's so easy for you to come to Australia now. You can you can do whatever the [ __ ] you want if you want to come to Australia and if you're Indian, right? So the the government so our our prime minister has recently signed a deal with the Indian government to take on all their people, to take on all their students, all their [ __ ] skilled people. You just got to check it out, man. It's different for every country. How do I make a No. What industries have you been bullish on lately? I'm always going to be bullish on healthcare. Healthcare is undefeated. It's undeniable. Uh basically every vertical in healthcare works. It's high margins. Um you'll never run out of work. Outside of healthcare, I'd look into all the blue collar all the blue collar industries. So, plumbing, landscaping, HVAC, HVAC, uh, a lot of people are getting into now, so it starts to look a little bit saturated, but even then, it's one of those markets that just has so much, especially if you're in the States. If you're in New York, right, if you're in the States, you have a gazillion opportunities and it's so hard to get drowned out of the market. You guys have a population of like 300 million, man. Crazy. So, South Africa to UK. Uh, yeah, I I I'd look into some p pathways, some some residency, student pathways from Africa to UK, cuz I'm pretty sure there are some unique pathways for the Africans to get into the UK. Much like how Australia now we have Indians that have a very easy pathway to come to Australia for whatever reason. Ruchio this is a global phenomenon. It's not just in USA. It's a global phenomenon especially in every developed country. Every single developed country out there is currently going through the silver tsunami. Um, and going back to a point about third world countries, why not just buy companies in South Africa? Why why go to UK, right? The places that have more chaos, more uncertainty is where you can really make a lot of money because you can do things properly. you can do things properly, you can wipe out or you can last longer than the people who don't do things properly. I know in South Africa it's a little bit different, but here's where here's where my first principle comes in. building a board of directors, getting mentors in the business. I can teach you how to buy companies. I can teach you the whole process regardless of location, geography, legal, [ __ ] all that stuff. Regardless of all that, I can show you how to buy the companies. But when it comes to the intricacies of the industry, of your country, of your town, of your jurisdiction, you need people on the ground where you are who you can lean on. Right? So for even in my company I don't need to ask anyone about how to buy the companies but when it comes to health care stuff when it comes to industry nuance what's happening in the industry what is the government thinking are there any tax laws that they're looking to introduce in this industry right all those nuanced questions that's I I take it to my board of directors my my mentors That's why it's so important to build a team, especially if you've never been in business, cuz then you you save you save so much time, money, and pressure by having someone in your corner that you can re rely on rather than being like, "Fuck, I've I've got to go to my accountant. My accountant's going to charge me, and he might not know the answer." Blah, blah, blah. You get what I mean? what what have some experienced board of directors asked for in return? So, when you're recruiting your board of directors, when you're recruiting people to join your company, if you have no money to pay them, if you're just brand new starting off, um I would the the offer is free founders equity. You just give them you just say, "Hey, I'm going to give you free founders equity. I'm giving you free shares in the business to join my company. I expect nothing else from you besides your time, your expertise, and your network. Okay? So, I'm not asking them to bring me money, to bring me deals. Well, I do want them to introduce me to money and deals, but um all I actually want from them is their time, expertise, and introductions. For a professional, that is very easy to give up to someone that is especially if they're going to give you value, right? In exchange for your time, expertise, and network, I'm going to give you shares in my company that might be worth [ __ ] a billion dollars one day, right? So, that's the pitch. That's what they're getting. Uh, would I recommend your first 100 million by Dan Pena? Yes, I would. I am originally QLA trained. Uh, self-taught through the QLA methodology. I've further refined the model to fit myself, my personality, and the modern time. I think there are lots of good principles, good lessons, lots of value you could get from your first 100 million by Dan Pena. If you can afford it, I would highly recommend going to the castle to the Kle Castle seminar. Uh full disclosure, I have not been myself. I don't really feel the need to go. Um, a lot of the people in my network have attended the castle. Uh, I'm friends with Jason Naggie. So, if you follow if you follow the QA material, you'll hear Dan Pena talk about Jason Naggi a lot. He's here in Australia. He rolled up radiology and recently exited for $200 million cash. That was his fifth exit, I believe. Um, so yeah, I would recommend your first $100 million by Dan Pena. I'll share another tip for you as well. If you're still here, if you're new to business, you're new to acquisitions, you're new to entrepreneurship, I would listen to someone like Dan Pena, like what he says, like the word of [ __ ] God. Okay. When I first heard Dan Pena, I was very turned off by how aggressive, how non not nice he was, right? But the more you listen to him and the more you apply the knowledge and the wisdom that he's sharing, the more you realize that he's right and he's correct and the more you should really just listen and shut up. As you grow, as you grow as a professional, you need to figure out your own [ __ ] character. Okay? You'll hear Dan Pena talk a lot about this. Don't be a mini me. I'm giving you all the tools so you can be the best you. Okay? And the the best you is not about growing into someone that it it just might not be what you expect. Okay? What you need to become to get to where you want to be, you might need to become something that you don't know, right? And I'm not saying this in a bad way. It it might not be a bad outcome that you have to get to, but it just might be very different to what you're expecting in what you might see in your head could be very different. I know that it's very different for me. I thought I thought I had to be more like Dan, more like Dan Pena, but following on my own advice that I'm giving to you now, I realized I had to just be more like me. I hope that helps. Uh, so buy a $1,000 business acquisition masterass. No, that's not what I'm saying. Um, I don't know what I don't know what master class, who's offering this. I don't know, man. I I'd say just go through all the free material you can. If you can't pay to afford anything, if you can afford to pay something, pay me. Um, go go work with me. I work with a whole community of guys and gals doing this. But that's up to you, man. I'm not I'm not here I'm not here in this coaching business to squeeze money out of people. I'm I'm here to cheer Alu and help you help you build your wealth, help you build your life. It's up to you what you want to do. Uh uh and Richio to answer that last part of your question, yes. Yes, they are formal directors of the company, right? So when you when you look at the registry of my company, you'll see the shareholders which are my board and you'll see that they're also directors. Um full disclosure to that I've recently restructured my board so they are no longer directors in the company. Um but they remain advisers and shareholders. Uh but yes, when you are building your team, I highly recommend formal board of directors and formal director positions. So, how did I how did I get my QA material? How can I get how can you get it step by step? Watch your YouTube channel, but feel like you have a high level view. What are you really looking for, man? Uh, all all the QA material is free online. As Dan Pena says, as Dan Pena says, all his material is free online. You just need to find it. I'm not going to tell you where to look. You just got to [ __ ] do it, man. I spent I spent day in day out researching, learning, obsessing over what I do now. Okay? That was my training. That was my test. That was my qualification to do what I'm doing now. So, you know, if you're I never found myself in a position where I was trying to f like find where I was asking strangers on the internet where I could find information. I just found it, man. I I just believed believed in it. I was passionate. I was obsessed with it. And I just put in the time. I would literally be sitting there 8, 10, 12 hours every [ __ ] day finding what I needed to know. Okay? And most of my stuff, most of my free material particularly is always going to be high level because what works for me specifically on a detailed intricate level might not work for you. All right? But but it's the principles but it's the principles that will work. So for example, the deal structure that I use, it might not work in your country, your industry, but there are principles in that deal structure that I teach that you can apply to manipulate it to make it work for you. Right? And a big part of a big part of why 99.9% of people can't make the QA model work or just can't close their first deal, can't buy companies, is cuz they're just not willing to [ __ ] commit commit the time and the energy and the effort to just learn learn it yourself. Like get creative. I I had to spend so much time by myself learning and really understanding it in my own head. So, hope that helps. It's it's all online, man. All all the QA materials online, all my materials online. In fact, all the material that I've shared across my YouTube, my Telegram, and my Instagram, you could compile it all. You could use AI to compile it all for a full [ __ ] course and you could follow that step by step. Guaranteed I've given you enough information for free that you could you could put in yourself your own time and energy to make sense of it all. What's a capital raising strategy you use for acquisitions? I don't raise capital, Diego. I get debt. I procure financing. I don't raise capital. And my strategy for procuring financing is to ensure that I've got strong relationships with lots of financeers. And when I do want the money, when I do want the deals, right, I I workshop these deals with my sellers. Well, sorry, not the sellers, with my bankers. I get my bankers involved in the deal process so we can workshop it to satisfy everyone's criterias. Um, and nam 123 Q. Exactly. The [ __ ] goat of seller finance. I don't raise capital. Yeah. I stay away from procuring financing. I love seller finance. I love vendor finance. If I can just do a deal between me and the seller without third parties, without investors, without lenders, great. Like that. That's my ideal scenario. Less people to deal with. And one thing you if you default your loans with a bank, that's going to affect your your credit. It's going to affect your ability to get uh loans from other banks, from the same bank, to get more commercial lending, right? But if you default with a vendor finance note, right, a deal between you and the seller, no one knows about that. No one needs to know about that and it becomes a negotiation piece between you and the seller, right? The seller wants to get paid. The seller wants to get paid. They don't want to take the business back. So, they're not going to ask, "Okay, we're going to take the business back. See you later, Josh." They're going to be like, "Okay, what do you need from me? What can I do to help you? When can you make my payments again?" That's what's going to happen. So that's why I love vendor finance. It just works so much better and it gives you the pathway to get the financing. So like you can refinance your your vendor loan, which is what I'm going to do very soon. Maybe in the next few months, I'm going to refinance. I'm going to recapitalize our company. Uh cuz we've got a lot of debt sitting with sellers themselves, right? the vendors themselves. If we can consolidate that debt cuz we've reduced the debt to a very very nice size that the banks would like. Um, if we can consolidate that debt, we can get the sellers out. Now, I'm in a position where I don't want to deal with the sellers. I'd rather deal with a bank. When you first start, you probably want to deal with the sellers and not the banks because I mean we we've I'm not going to get into details, but we've had some financial situations where we've had to negotiate with the sellers with the vendors and rejig rejig our vendor finance agreement which is fine completely fine. Uh, we have here B lawyer and finance. I watch your video on YouTube. Got more to go. Hey, that's awesome, man. Keep keep going. If you have any questions, if you have any questions, comments, feel free to just drop them on the YouTube videos themselves. Uh, we'll try to get to the comments as much as we can. Or just send me a DM here, man. Send me a DM. Uh, we'll try to help you help you out as much as possible. So much love to you. So good luck. Good luck. Good luck with you. Yeah. Uh Diego, it's not it's not that you don't disclose it. It's just not public, right? So with a when you get a loan with a bank with a real bank, that loan is registered on a on an exchange that's people can access that. So, right, not it's not a just a deal between you and the bank. It's a deal that that has public viewing accessibility. Not for free, right? like like not just some average Joe can look it up, but an average Joe can actually pay can pay some data people to get that information or if they know where to look, maybe they have some friends in high places, friends in the right spots, they can pull up your loan details any anytime and you know if if you miss a payment, if you pause payments, if you whatever anything that happens to the loan is all recorded. important. So, that reminds me when I when I used to work at a bank. I remember one colleague showed me how to pull up the loan history. So, we could see we could literally see line by line everything that was done on this loan account, including name changes, address changes, um you know, did they make extra payments? Everything is logged with a commercial loan. So if you [ __ ] up one time, that's a mark against your file instantly. And no human no human keeps track of that. It's all computer logged just like the tax system. So if you cheat the tax man, if you cheat your banks, they'll know whether or not someone's going to do something about it. That's another thing. But the fact is that they know whatever you've done with your tax and your banking, your money, you you think you're getting away with something. Trust me, your government knows exactly what the [ __ ] you're doing. Especially if you're in Australia like me, like I I laugh when people people get all anal about privacy and whatnot. It's like, guys, if I really wanted to find out your whole life story, I could spend 500 bucks and figure it all out. I could get a I could get a copy of your rental history, your how your living history, all your your lending history, your banking history, your tax history, that's all available, guys. And when you are doing due diligence on big companies and and some serious acquisitions, like when you're in the big boy leagues, that's the kind of due diligence I would be doing when you're dealing with these small businesses. 1 to 2 million, 5 million, don't even worry. But when you're dealing with company like big companies, um especially companies that deal with sensitive information, sensitive topics like healthcare and finance, uh like fund managers for example, right? I forgot what I was saying. Um do I grow the companies organically? Yes, I do. Um, I'm a heavy heavy believer in both inorganic and organic growth. Inorganic growth is what's going to drive your it's going to be the key driver to your e to your enterprise value. It's what's going to get you to 100 million. But organic growth, organic growth proves the it really proves the model, the strength of your model and the strength of your management. Um, and I would also say that organic growth could be could be the difference between maybe two to three times on on your exit multiple not only in just the in the IBIDA value itself, right? So you could end up with 20 million Ebida through acquisitions alone. Um, but through your organic growth, you could add another couple million to that. And that in itself will give you more more money on the same multiple value. But when a private equity or a strategic buyer looks at your company and is like, "Yeah, I get it. We we'll pay the premium for the for the scale, but the fact is you actually have a really good management and organic growth system that's valuable in itself, right? So yes, I I do grow my companies organically. I do believe in it. I think you should set up organic growth systems in the business. You don't necessarily need to be the one managing and implementing it, but I think it's important for your company to have it someone to do it. Um that's really going to boost your exit value in the end. Uh thank you, thank you, thank you everyone. Um, do you only stay in the healthcare field? Would I want to sell or finance a law firm? Uh, I would with my business partner, Njam. Um, so I'm partnered up with several people. One of my business partners here in Melbourne, Australia. We're focused on Australian companies. We'll buy almost anything. Um, right now we're we're looking at construction. Okay. We're looking at construction. uh civil civil construction so not residential and before that you know we were looking at we were looking at beauty clinics brothel strip clubs uh so yeah I I'll look at law firms man if it's in Australia I'll look at it which state am I in now I am in Melbourne Australia so that's Victoria my How does a man of mustache get privacy if information like the 500 because I see people envy and sellers of hate. Uh I mean most people don't even know about it. The fact that you know I don't think any of you knew knew that you can just buy information may maybe not for 500. I don't know you pro probably. I mean, I could buy I can buy company extracts for, you know, $50. So, I'd assume I'd assume I'd be able to buy personal information. And hey, how do how does scammers get your numbers? How do scammers get your details, right? It's somewhere. Your data is somewhere, guys. Thank you, NAM. God bless you. Much love to you. Uh what's EBITDA? Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, and amotization. So it's your it's your free it's not your free cash flow. It's it's money that you earn that's not that doesn't consider economic economic and political factors. if that makes sense. So the reason why we look at Ebad, why we strip away interest, tax, depreciation, and amortization, amortization is your loan payments. Okay, the reason why we strip out all these expenses and add them back into the bottom line, your net profit to get your IBIT is because tax, depreciation, amortization, interest, these are factors outside of your business's control. You can't control the economy. You can't control uh the tax rate that the tax man sets. You can't control the interest rate that the banks set. You can't control you know your bank terms. Like you can I'm not saying that you can't negotiate. I'm just saying that the rationale behind why as an ent as a acquirer why we focus on Ebida is because that shows us the the pure pure management capability of the business. Mhm. I'm in the States and would love to acquire group homes, just don't know how. Uh, group homes as in res residentials, like town houses. Is that what you're talking about? Like uh what do you call them? Residential villas. Those kind of courts. Is that what you're talking about? Are you talking about little apartment complexes? Uh cuz just keep in mind real estate real estate's a very different game to company acquisitions. Vassie, nice to see you lovely. It's been a while. Haven't heard you much. Haven't seen your lovely profile picture floating around recently. Nice to see you. Yep. Mental health in UK, US and Australia are hot. Uh absolutely absolutely booming in terms of how you do it. Go through my content, man. Go through the content. Make sense of it all. Map out your action steps. Map out your action steps. You know what's the first thing that I recommended earlier? Yep. Build by Medicaid. Exactly. Tell It's healthcare, any healthcare vertical is hot. Now your first step, my friend, the questions you're asking, you need to get mentors. If you can afford it, come join my group, right? Come join my group and start taking action. If you can't afford it, just keep going through the free material. Keep going through the free material and start taking action. Your first step is to pick an industry. You've already done that. Mental health homes, disabled homes, that's a great industry to get into. You're doing for one, it's good business. You're doing a good service, but two, it's it's a recessionp proof business now. Um, you've picked your industry. Time to time to recruit your team, my friend. Get your board of directors. Get your chairman. Get your finance guy. Get your legal guy. Get. I think I'm in the wrong lane. Get your chairman, finance, legal guy, and your industry experts. Your industry experts are probably your most important roles when it comes to growing growing and running the company. Hey, that's fun. I hope you get a lot of value from the content. I I was I can remember broke days like yesterday, man. just like yesterday. That never leaves you. And yeah, I I rather I rather have been broke than have been a rich boy. So be be grateful for these times. These time these times when you're you feel like you're down and out, you feel like nothing's going your way. You feel like you can't catch a break. That's when miracles happen. You just got to believe in it, my friend. And I I see that. I see that you're learn you're you're on it. Let's keep going, my friend. It's a good place to be. If you do acquisitions as a full commitment, as in doing it solely rather than having another business on the side, I want to give you guys thoughtful answers. Okay? My recommendation on a surface level is to commit to anything you do. Right? So if you want to pick up a sport, if you want to learn a language, whatever you do in life, I am a firm believer that you go all in. So if you're going to get into acquisitions, I always start with the why. That's the first place I start, but that's not where I ponder. You do need to start off with the why because that's it's your foundation. A lot of people want to get into business because they don't want to work. It's because they want to they want a 4-hour work week or, you know, they they just want to make money and and be their own boss. If you want to get into acquisitions, you you the reasons behind why you want to do it have to be strong enough for you to do whatever it takes. I'm going say that again. The reasons why you get into acquisitions needs to be strong enough for you to do whatever it takes. There's a lot of [ __ ] that I've done for my companies, for my people, for myself that I didn't want to do, that I didn't plan on doing, that I hated doing actually. But you just got to do it. That I've worked. So I've worked full days. I wake up at 6:00 a.m. I get into bed at 12:00 a.m. fully focused on the business. Go all in. Go all in. It's the only It's the fastest way to create miracles. You'll get your results faster. Eliminate as many distractions as possible. The less distractions you have, the quicker you'll be able to reach your goals. I'll leave it at that. Much love. Thank you. Thank you, Neham. Yeah, I I had a conversation recently with with one of my staff members. She she was she was she's about 20 22 or something. I'm 29 this year. I'm still 28 turning 29. 9 days. In nine days I will be I'll be turning 29. Anyway, just kind of asking me how does it feel? How does it feel being such a young boss? Most of the people that work for me are older than me. Some of the people I work with, I'm the same age as their children. My first year in business, I was very uncomfortable. I was very uncomfortable with my position. And I think a big part of growth, a big part of getting to where you want to be is to break away from your old identity. Right. You have to kind of reinvent your self-esteem. You have to reinvent yourself. You know, you just said you just said you're broke right now. That's who you are as a person, but you got to train. But, you know, one one day you won't be. Or, you know, if you're if you're a bit more on the spiritual side and the esoteric side, you understand that time there's no such thing there's no such thing as time. It's a man-made concept. It's a material concept. Everything has happened. Everything exists all at once. the rich you, the the version of you that has money, that has wealth, that has power, already exists. In this lifetime, it might be in 20 years time. You could collapse that time it takes for you to become that person by going within. Now I'm starting to talk a little bit woo woo woo woo [ __ ] So I don't know if you if if you've got the eyes to see and the ears to hear, you'll understand what I'm talking about. For most people, you'll hear what I'm saying and it'll just fly out, go in one ear, out the other. But as I say, if you have the perception to perceive what I'm talking about, it's going to help you immensely when you are out there in the real world running and gunning. You know, building relationships, building relationships, you know, saying no to a thousand people, pushing your presence on everyone. Right? As you start doing all these things, you start to take on the philosophy and all these nuanced pieces of wisdom I'm giving you. Exactly. Change is always within. Guys, I made the most progress with my companies when I changed what was in here. Not necessarily how what I knew, but it's just about how how I perceive. Yeah. Optimism. Optimism I think is lacking in in the new generation or in my generation. even in the actually across across the human race, you know, optimism very very lacking. And that's actually very it's one of the pillars of being a successful startup founder. You have to be optimistic regardless of the situation. Ex like what I was saying, I still remember I still remember my broke days. I still feel it. Buying a wood manufacturing company 700K in earnings. So is that 700k in IBA or 700K in revenue, part equity, part acquisition financing from bank? Okay. So you mean part part debt from bank and part equity? So part equity, do you mean vendor rollover equity? Do you mean equity that you put in yourself? What's what's the split on your on the bank debt and the equity? Uh 700k ni. Is that is that ni? Net income I assume. Good. That's a really good size. Uh what's the margin that it's on? Like what's the revenue that we're talking about compared to the the earnings? It's not really answering me, but I'll give you a give you a some commentary around seller finance and how to how I would do this. 2.5. Okay. 2.5 million. Good. Um, first thing is what does the seller want? What does the seller want? How much does a seller want? What is that relative to ibeta? Oh, okay. Wait. 100k each or 100k from 10 people? Because if you've got actual money coming in, okay, that sounds like a very interesting deal. Um h I want to be very conscious of my time and what I give relative to the people that have paid money for my time and energy. If you send me some information about this business, I'm happy to do a video on it. I'm happy to do a full review and commentary uh on this business cuz that's actually pretty interesting. I like this structure that you've got. I think it would provide a lot of value for the audience in general. Del more revenue grow business. Yep. I feel like I want to do it a little bit more. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Please. Um I feel like this deal deserves a little bit more justice than me just sharing some comments while I'm driving or while I'm trying to park. So, I'd welcome you to send me an email with any information and I'd be happy to answer you in that email. and also make a video for the audience if that's okay with you. Um, and I think that will be very very valuable to yourself as well. Um, so yeah, let me know if you're okay with that. You can flick me a DM. I'm I'll be happy to answer any questions, share my complete perspective on it. So, thank you for the opportunity. If you're open to that, I' I'd more than more than welcome that. Okay, lovely people. I have just landed home. It's been a long day. It's been a good day. It's been a good day. Lots of work to do. Lots of impact made, lots of progress made, lots of lives helped. Hope you guys got a lot of value from what I've shared. Thank you for chiming in. Thank you Mildas Vven for the opportunity um to share a bit more value to yourself and the world. Go home to due diligence. No, go home to bloody relax, mate. As I say, it's been a super long day. Super long day. I wanted to cap it off with a session just to share just to share some perspectives and drop off any any remaining wisdom left in my brain after today. But no, we've got we've got several deals with banks sitting with lenders. We've already done due diligence on on them. We're getting some lender reviews. uh delegated quite a lot of management functions today through to our practice managers. So, no, I'm going to I've recorded a few few more videos for the Instagram today. So, I'll get I'll get them uploaded. Um so, no no more work for today. Or maybe I'll do some exercise workout. You keep the body sexy and fit. and connect connect with connect again with the body and your mind and God. Uh with your skills, do you think it's possible to sell a finance 0% interest for a few years until you're stable? Yeah, man. You could you could sell a finance with no interest. That's 100% possible. My my strategy around that would be to actually just when you're pitching the vendor finance, when you're presenting the vendor finance, just don't even mention interest rate. So, for example, my first deal I I did uh 4% I did 7 years at 4% interest and that was I reckon I could have gotten away with with no interest. Right? So, your first offer your first offer just just don't even include the interest. Just do the time period. Yeah. 10 years pay you monthly. That's it. If they ask for the interest now you now you can you know negotiate that but always start always start with zero. Thank you. Thank you guys for joining me. Thanks Vassie. It was nice to see you. Um I'll reach out to you soon. Hey let's let's talk through your situ your situ and where you're at. Blessed feeling blessed. Bless you all. God bless. Love y'all. Take care.